Look, look, the Kennedys killed Marilyn Monroe. I'm pretty sure the gunman in the grassy knoll was either Arthur Miller or Joe DiMaggio. 'Bang my wife...?'
Hey, how many of you people know the theme to Gilligan's Island?
All right. Now, how many of you can recite the Bill of Rights?
That's-that's-that's ... who cares? It's really not that important. We don't use it anymore.
I hear a lot of folks saying, 'you know, if it wasn't for the us, the, uh, French would be speaking German.'
Yeah, well, if it, if it wasn't for the French, you'd be speaking Cherokee.
Oh, I'm sorry. Did I hurt your brains?
It recently came out that Jesus could've had siblings.
Could you imagine growing up having Jesus in your family? 'Why can't you be more like your brother?'
'Uh, 'cause he's the Messiah. He's the Son of God.'
'When your brother's home, we always have wine.'
Well, I'm Michael Borland, and that's my time ... 
...and that's your silence. All right, now, ladies and gentlemen, let me introduce you to the headliner this evening ...
... a man I'm sure you know from his hit TV show, 'Dougie to the Max', Mr. Dougie Max!
Hey, man ... 
Any place would be better than this dump.
Sorry, Alan. I didn't see you.
Uh, it says I'm 180 pounds, but I'm 145. I know that, in Nevada law, if there's a 25-pound discrepancy, that ... that's actually against the law.
Wow, your coffee stinks.
Is this going to take a long time? I've got a 4:00 bikini wax that I don't want to miss.
We are a bashing nation. Gay bashing? You know what that is? That's guys going, 'I hate you 'cause you're queer ...  and you're gay, and you're kind of attractive ... and I would like to have s*x with you but I'm in the closet so I'll just beat you up and then play with myself in my trans am on the way home.'
'Boo'? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. Hey, you know what? If that offends you, perhaps you should just come out of the closet and move on with your life. You're going to feel so much better. You know, you are what you hate.
All right, um ... 
... mm, I'm a little dehydrated. I hope you don't mind if I replenish my bodily fluids. Mm...
It's a cruel world ... !
You know what you'd like? How many people would like it if I just, if I just dropped trousers right now and pee on Vin Diesel's head, huh?
Wouldn't you like that? I'll do it! I'm willing to do it for you good people. I'll do it.
Open wide. I'm flattering myself, ladies and gentlemen. You don't have to open up that wide. See, I'm implying I have a tiny, tiny pen1s. 
That's what that joke would be. Ergo, the comedy. I'm talking about penises.  You just want to eat out of that toilet bowl. Yum, yum.
Shut up.
Shut up. Don't you get it? Are you that stupid? I am making fun of you. I am the lowest common denominator in comedy when I do that crap.
The only way I could get you to stop laughing now is if I went to every single table and slit every one of your throats. 
I can see that I am getting the red light, ladies and gentlemen, and that means it's time for me to stop. Stop with the hate and stop with the fear. Stop with the lies. Comedy, uh, comedy's supposed to be about The Truth. You know, uh, I killed tonight. And, uh, I killed ... uh ... two nights ago .... Dougie Max ... uh ... on this stage. 
'Cause I despised everything he stood for. Dumb people, like you. 
You think I did a disservice to the world by killing Dougie Max? You ought to give me a parade. But the shame of it is, is that, uh, an innocent kid got killed, too, and, uh ... I blame you.
Yeah, I, uh ... I didn't think you were going to get the joke.
