Our lead actress, Weatherly Adams, had her dressing room violated last night.
She missed her call this morning. The woman is nothing if not professional. She's predictably precisely 35 minutes late every day. You could set your watch to it. She's already ... three hours late and still no sign of her.
Nothing to worry about, gentlemen. It's just a bad bulb. If you will, please, follow me.
Here we are. 
Check out the flowers in the vase.
Stalkers, creeps, cranks, nut balls, degenerates -- we get them all here. Weatherly attracts them like flies.
These are ... uh ... some of the guys we've had trouble with in the past.
At wrap yesterday. We shot all night, finished about 4:00 in the morning.
Her car's still parked out back.
Yeah.
Still no answer on her home phone.
Ah, Weatherly ... how has she died for us, let me count the ways.
Bludgeoned, boiled, filleted, defenestrated, decapitated, disemboweled, oh, yeah, and strangled with her own intestines. Autopsied while still alive.
Made to eat her own liver, fed slowly through a tree chipper, roasted and served on a bed of Belgian endive. When Weatherly Adams dies, it's money in the bank.
Here you are, gentlemen.
Yeah, that's the way I found it when I got here this evening.
Anything we can do to help.
Edit.
Excuse me, Mr. Brass. Do you think that it would be all right if we were to ... continue to shoot ...
I had it repaired three days ago-- I'll get the tapes.
I hear you're holding Vincent Lafoon on suspicion of murder. His lawyer called me. I'd be surprised. Yes, the guy is a bit rough around the edges, but I don't think that he..uh ... Hello.
My name is Stanley.  But you call me Stan.
Dickie. Why don't we leave the nice woman alone to do her work?
Don't complicate things, Dickie.
Good night, kid.
All right. 
Wait, let's think about this.
Mason, she's dead! This time she's not coming back. We've got so many health and safety violations. If we report one more set-related accident -- especially one resulting in a death -- we will lose our bond, our liability insurance, OSHA will shut us down, we'll get our asses sued for wrongful death, and that will be the end of Repulsion Pictures! Is that what you want? Is that what you want?!
... and that will be the end of Repulsion Pictures. Is that what you want? Is that what you want?!
I'm sorry, I don't think I can do that.
You gotta help me hide the dwarf before the cops come back. Dickie was blackmailing us about Weatherly's accident. He wants to bring the whole company down.
What's it gonna be, Zack?  You gonna help me here or what?!
