Everybody calls me Dr. Dave.
Please, join me.
That was a very sad business. She was a lovely, young girl.
I have no idea -- I was ... I was seeing a lot of patients over the years. Do you know their names? I mean, that might ring a bell.
No one uses chloral hydrate anymore. It's too dangerous.
I just feel so awful.
I brightened her smile. Perhaps that's what attracted her predator.  Oh, well ... you'll forgive, but if you don't have any more questions, I really should get back to my office.
Whoever did your mouth ... he does lovely work.
Eugenia has been seeing me for, um, how many years, my dear?
I think it's much longer than that. I'd like to finish Eugenia up before the Novocain wears off.
Is this about these young girls?
Bite impression. Couldn't we just do that here? It'll save us all a lot of time and trouble, unless of course, embarrassing me in front of my patient is your real intent.
Okay. Eugenia?
I'm going to have you wait in Exam Four, and I'll be in there in just a short while.
No, come on, let's go. Let's see, just ... And you know the upper right teeth we worked on? Well, they're looking fine.
That's too much water. It will never set.
Young lady, please, please, please, let me do this. I have much more practice.
You know ... I don't believe courts accept bite mark evidence much anymore. No, they'd much rather have DNA from saliva around a wound.
Not many, I suspect. Do you know that our teeth continuously migrate through our entire life?  Yes. Dental forensics is definitely an inexact science.
There are similarities. But I don't think it's conclusive.
Diastema. It's called diastema.
Very impressive. You make a good case.
Dr. Dave, please, call me Dr. Dave.
This is the most cryptic conversation I've had since dental school.
At my age, I'll die before that happens.
I don't want to degrade the sweetness of my memories. My memories are all I have left.
What benefit would I get from doing this?
I sleep fine, thank you very much. I've always considered that a key to my good health.
My life has been blessed. I was married to a kind woman. Just lost her a few years ago. We raised two children. One of them is an oral surgeon, the other one is a homemaker.
They'll be horrified, of course. They're not monsters.
You're not listening. I don't feel bad about what I've done. I feel disappointed that I've been caught, but I tend to take the long view of things. I've had a wonderful life, and I know that all things human eventually must end.
