Leg fell asleep.
I always wondered which one of us coroners would get to carve Tony.
His lifestyle was no secret -- s*x, drugs and a big bankroll. No needle marks on his arms. The guy plays golf; short-sleeved shirts checked between the toes ... groin area. Whatever he did went up his nose.
His nasal cavity looks like raw hamburger.
Or they're pressure marks. For example, if someone places a pillow or object against someone's nose and mouth in the climate of struggle.
Not always. For as much as pathology is an absolute science, it isn't. Vessels can rupture under innocent circumstances such as a violent cough.
No neurotoxins present but that's not to say some overanxious paramedic trying to save a legend's life didn't cause them in the moment.
Then I don't know what they are.
Braun's stomach contents. No food. Plenty of drugs.
And heroin.
Inhaled and ingested.
Got there somehow.
Didn't find any.
My guess, someone mashed up the Xanax, dissolved them in red wine, which I did find.
It wasn't a hundred pills.
Educated, unofficial guess: No more than fifty.
Get a speeding ticket?
Vincent Thomas Avery. I.D.'d him from his prints.
No mystery in cause of death. Gunshot wound to the outer ear.
Left ear at that.
Soot depiction on the skin surrounding the entry wound tells the story.
Bullet entered the external auditory meatus fracturing the skull base. Cracked the hardest bone of the skull.
Hot off the fluoroscope. Haven't had the pleasure yet.
There is your bullet. Deformed projectile in the right side of the calvarium.
You bet.
Something tells me, this isn't filled with white sugar.
I'd say about 50 balloons. Green dye you see here is probably from lime flavored gelatin. Makes them much easier to swallow.
Well, all indications are he was brain-dead from the time he collapsed at the hotel
An artery out-pouches blood floods the subarachnoid space.
Heart still beats, but the brain's dead. And it doesn't regenerate.
Genetic predisposition. Both parents went that way. It increases a person's chance of stroke ten-fold. He looks like an athlete.
I was wondering when you'd ask. Prime donor candidate. Next of kin signed off.
Eight in under two hours.
I deal with cause of death, which was an aneurysm and therefore, a natural, and based on that his body is released to a mortuary.
All may not be lost. Here... body of Robert Fairmont released at 0400 hours to the Desert Haven Mortuary.
Embalming certainly retards the decomposition process.
The liver's degraded but any metal should still be there.
Who'd you like to start with?
Identical body temps and vitreous humor. Both women died approximately 12 hours ago.
All I can tell you is cause of death. Injury to the cervical spine. Looks to be hands-on.
She died instantly. Now, the blond.
Contusion to the forehead, not fatal. Whatever cut her face cut her arm. I found glass in all the incised wounds. Except for these abrasions on her neck.
I swabbed the abrasions for foreign DNA sent it to the lab. 
Severed brachial artery. She bled out.
Sure.
A wildflower and a wallflower.
There's the initial bullet hole. No other leaks. Died from a single gunshot wound to the chest just like the others.
Not likely due to the origin of the facial burn.
True.
The finger was severed postmortem. No hemorrhagic tissue at the point of injury. And they used a serrated blade. Jagged teeth patterns on the bone. Not much else I can tell you. It's just a finger.
Amanda Freeman. 
My guess is, she's been in the water about 24 hours. 
Washerwoman effect. But no saponification.
Mm-hmm.
I found some in her nose and trachea, too. The decomposing body would need time to attract the bugs before submersion. Well, she's been dead 48 hours 24 hours above water, 24 hours under.
Blunt-force trauma. Back of the head.
Look at this.
You'll have to get it under the microscope. My guess is some form of stone. Granite maybe.
Well ... the entry wound tells me the body sustained a projectile.
Uh, but there's no bullet fragments in the tissue and no exit wound.
Bullet wounds usually leave bullet evidence.
There's no evidence of a bullet in this wound tract.
That was my next suggestion.
Something. A metal fragment. It's not like any bullet I've ever seen.
Titanium ... maybe a pin.
Oh, here's the manufacturer's number. I should've bought stock when I first started finding all these medical implants.
Excuse me?
Foreign tissue. Cow. Makes absolutely no sense.
This more of your cross contamination?
On the day you plan to expend a meat bullet? Ahh ... a frozen meat bullet?
Well, I'm ready to watch history.
Bullet-like entry wound. 
The meat disintegrates. Lost in the soft tissue. Hmm.
What took you so long?
Tox screen came up empty except for quinine. Must have had malaria in the past six months. Either that or he's a big gin and tonic drinker. I've ordered up his medical records. If I was this guy I'd have been popping pain pills. Hairline fracture of the ulna bruised kidney, ten stitches off the orbital bone fractured nasal bone, all recent. Healed rib fractures. 
He should have worn a cage. 
I bet he was proud of every last battle scar. What is it about organized sports?
So, uh, what did this guy do in real life?
Competition junkie.
Not me, not anymore.
Foibles of youth.
Not sure.  This cut nicked his carotid. Double-edged, clean blade, hockey skate, uh ... 
Fun continues. Basilar artery also suffered significant trauma. Evidence of blood in the intimal space. Possibly enough to cause syncope.
Well, it could explain why the vic ended up in the bottom of that pile.
W.P.W.: Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. Interferes with the heart's electrical system.
Well, it didn't show during the post, but I looked at the tissue sections in histopath. 
They showed a small defect in the atrium of the heart. 
Not necessarily. You know the quinine I found in his system? Lethal for someone with W.P.W. Big scars didn't do him in. It was the little scar.
All were shot in the third eye, the sixth chakra, vortex of consciousness. I was a gray's anatomy man, until I lost my legs. I started getting phantom pains no drug or exercise could control. I began studying the chakras.
Each has a color and a vibration. 
Muladhara, the root chakra, keeps us in the physical world. Svadisthana, seat of sexual energy. Manipura, melting pot of spiritual and earthly desires. Anahata, the loving heart. Visuddha, where feelings are given expression. Ajna, the third eye. Saharsrara, the crown connecting the mortal human to the timeless universe.
Ajna, the hub of higher consciousness.
Hmm, there's a very good chance your killer's a Buddhist.
Not a drop of ethanol in his system not even from cough syrup.
My guess, hungry. Driver's medical eval taken just last month. Martin Draper, 40.  Overweight. One of 15 million people in this country suffering from Type II Diabetes.
Primary course of treatment would have been exercise and weight loss to lower blood sugar.
But he was dieting.
Crash dieting. Didn't find any food in his stomach. Means he hadn't eaten anything in at least six hours. An empty stomach invites hypoglycemia.
And in extreme cases?
Cum Laude.
Just what you'd expect. Massive injuries, internal bleeding.
We know two things for certain. Jane Galloway died from a lack of O2 and she is a natural blond.
It certainly looks that way.
Uh, petechial hemorrhaging in the eyes, deoxygenation led to cyanosis, hence the blue lips ...
... blue fingertips ...
... and blue face.
If she had struggled with her assailant that effort alone could have limited her oxygen intake causing further O2 depletion of the brain ...
Easy kill.
No physical findings. You'll have to check the kit.
Looks execution-style. At least one shot to the back of the head. A lot of bruising around these handcuffs.
Well, it's no longer trunk man. Identified him from his dental records. Jason Doyle. Dead for three days; no GSR.
We only recovered one slug from his cranium.
And I got this fragment from his lower back.
Vascular embolization. Bullet got into his arterial system.
Well, it took a full-body x-ray for me to find the thing. Bullet entered here ... 
... fragmenting at the neck and losing velocity upon penetration 
... of the carotid artery. Tube down the aorta, continually losing momentum. 
As it exited the aorta, it struck the vertebral column and then was swept down to the base of the aorta ...
... where I recovered it here at the lumbar region.
Looks like nines, like we found in the Chief.
Yeah.
Tuberculosis victims emit breath that smells like wet leaves.
I'm not sure. 
How about Darier disease? 
There's diabetic ketoacidosis. Body has excess glucose which converts to ketone ... Gets expelled through the pores. Has a fruity smell. It would help if we had a piece of the assailant's clothing.
What?
Quick. Name three human bones that can stand a twelve story drop.
They appear to be the only bones not fractured or broken.
Gil, he wasn't shot. This is the guy that fell of the new jailhouse. Are we talking about the same case here?
News to me. I didn't find any physical evidence of electrocution.
Negative on the burn marks. In most electrocution cases, capillaries rupture, hemoglobin leaks into the perivascular tissue.
His body contradicts your crime scene.
Mrs. Buckley, do you have someone to drive you home?  Mrs. Buckley?
Do you have someone to drive you home?
My youngest just turned 14. Tough age.
Cranial-cerebral injuries. Comminuted fractures of the occipital bone.
First blush? Yes. Waiting on toxicology. In the meantime, check out his torso.
Possibly.
You, too, huh? His body's covered in them.
Well, maybe it was as simple as he wasn't wearing his shirt and pants.
Exactly what kind of therapy was this?
No can do. Released six hours ago.
Another 24, but there's nothing in there to support Valenti was electrocuted.
You want to look at my notes?
His troponin enzymes are elevated.
Sure, but troponin's found in all victims of cardiac arrest, most of whom have not been zapped.
Uh, vic also had an elevated concentration of iron in his blood -- six, seven times normal.
No.
Well, it fits the bill of mundane. His skin looked jaundiced.
Dead or alive, your vic's epidermis is yellow.
What? ... Okay, I'm working with you. Uh, I don't remember. I mean, genetics can be fascinating -- and there are things I take note of -- but I didn't focus on his genitals.
You're welcome.
Barry Schickel from the high school. Dug three of these .44's from his back. 
First one cracked his infraspinous fossa.
Second one entered ... past the interior angle of the scapula punctured a lung.
And the last one entered just right of the right anterior sarratus muscle ... pierced the heart.
This is a special case. 
See the scar? This guy was attacked before ... I'd say in the last six months.
Whatever it was, it would've killed him. If his heart had been there.
Barry's upper body? All his internal organs are on the opposite side of typical placement.
Which was good for this guy, until his luck ran out.
Six months, hand-to-hand combat. Sounds like something your suspect would do?
Jacques Cousteau. Kidding. Coroner's humor. But I'll tell you what I do know. He didn't die in that fire. No carboxyhemoglobin in his blood. 
Tells us he stopped breathing before the fire started. Guy was probably killed someplace else and dumped.
Victim's injuries are inconsistent with a fall of that magnitude. No fracture of the pelvis no compression of the lumbar vertebrae no shortening of the body.
His heart stopped beating. 
The human heart beats in a four-beat rhythm like a fox-trot. The two atria contract, then the two ventricles. Ba-boom, ba-boom.
Commotio cordis. Cardiac concussion. The guy short-circuited. It's rare, but I've seen it. Couple of years ago a minor leaguer took a line drive to the chest. 
Interrupted the impulse to the heart turning it into a bag of worms. Fibrillation.
Definitely. 
... Lake Mead. Sorry, Nick. But I did find something between him and his wetsuit. Soap residue. Like he started to shower. Soaped up never soaped off.
Oliver Dunne. Corporate lawyer. Father of two.
His wife-- widow. She came down to I.D. His property.
Last one I recovered entered through his abdominals ... 
... pierced the liver, lodged in the oblique.
You might be right. He died of asphyxiation. Tie probably closed the windpipe. 
Without oxygen, the alveoli capillaries wither and dry up. Whole pulmonary system shut down. What you may have here is the smallest sliver of the murder weapon.
I'll take it from here, David.
Catherine.
No serosanguineous fluid expunged from the mouth or nose.
Rules out your jacuzzi theory.
Bright red lividity extending down the body.
Well, heatstroke possibly. Stroke could cause multiple organ failure and if I'm right ... 
Hey, I still have to do the post. Catherine?
She died two to four hours before she was discovered. Jury's still out on cause of death but considering the whip and ligature marks it's no stretch to say it was violent. Some of the scars on her back are years old. Some are fresh.
That's the strange part. Her body's a road map of abuse but there's no sign it was sexual. She hasn't had intercourse in months.
Left or right?
Mona Taylor didn't die from the beatings but cause of death was equally as slow: Asphyxia. You look like you expected it.
Well, there's something else. She had some odd scaring in the inside of her nose. Some small red circle. 
She worked in a s*x club, it could be caused by anything.
Maybe I lack imagination but why would you need a straw at a s*x club?
There's a difference?
Cocaine?
I like to think so. So this is our cross-dresser in thee ? I.D.'d as Adam Brower, shot in the back with a hollow point -- close range. Mushroomed upon impact maximizing trauma.
Forty-five. 
Someone didn't want to share.
Contusions on the anterior neck. Streaking erythema on the lateral aspect of zone one. Cartilaginous tracheal rings are crushed.
Catherine.
How'd you know?
Put his thumbs around her air pipe and pushed.
I swabbed her neck. Affirmative for epithelials.
Parents called. They're on their way in to I.D.
Oddly, relieved.
No surprise here. He drowned.
Lack of bruising, no bleeding wounds. Indicates his circulatory system had stopped. This was postmortem.
Uh, don't know. Not a rash. Some kind of abrasion. Maybe even a friction burn. Definitely peri-mortem. X-rays reveal several broken ribs and he's got a bruise on his forehead. He could have taken a bad fall.
Maybe.
No physical findings for sexual assault though I did send a kit to DNA. Looks like cause of death was a single gunshot to the head. I'll know more later.
Yes, I do. Depth of bruising gives us a timeline. Apparent thumbprint on her neck came first the, uh, prints on her hands second. Major impression on top. It's some kind of recoil bruise on her palm.
