And here comes Spiker Chick. The death blade goes up, and the death blade comes down. Oh! Jabba the Bot is made of titanium, but how much can he take? 
Oh, we got a jam-up, but with this much horsepower, it won't last long. Slaughter's driving yellow belly into the wall, trying to shake him off. Oh! It's mayhem in the middle. ... On his back, taking a pounding. And here comes Spiker Chick with the death blade. Oh, no! We got a Spiker Chick sandwich! Spiker chick is going for Jabba. Oh, again and again! Oh, and in a dazzling array of skill and deception ...
And the winner is ... Jabba the Bot! Whoo! Whoo-whoo!
Bots fight all over the country, on tv, all over the world. This is an informal venue where competitors can come to hone their skills and their machines.
I don't need one. See, I just put on a show. If people bet, that's their business.
Hey, my daddy ran an independent shipping company he ran it right into the ground. He died broke, but he left me a bunch of empty warehouses. I needed revenue, so I developed a new market.  Hey, Jimbo, you looked ferocious out there.
Yeah, but I like a guy who goes down with style.
Keeps them coming back for more. Want to tell me what this is all about?
That's Chris Cutler.
God, about six weeks ago. Robot rumble, big free-for-all.
Smash-'N-Burn was on fire that night. Dismantled three or four bots.
He had the kind of fight that most of these boys dream about.
Using the thing that he built to destroy the thing that the other guy built.
It's a basic male drive.
Let me put it to you this way, nobody likes a winner who needs to shove it in your face.
HAMMER OF GOD is against the ropes.
To me. I own it. It's a rental property. It's a good one. It's popular with the bot boys. I would have told you if you'd bothered to ask.
They break.
I stop by every now and then to make sure my clients are happy. Chris was there alone one night working. He kind of got the wrong idea.
No, Chris, stop doing it. It's not funny.
Stop it! Knock it off!
Hey, you guys asked me when I saw him last. This happened the day before the big free-for-all.
Yeah, you could call it that.
Give me that, you son of a bitch.
Listen, I let the geeks fantasize about me. And most of them are harmless, happy to stare and then go home and spank the monkey like good little college boys. But Chris was a dumb, vicious, army grunt. And maybe I wasn't as careful around him as I should have been, but that doesn't mean that I killed him.
Excuse me?
Oh, so, first you accuse me of whacking Christian. Now you're accusing me of doing Brian?
What the drones do is make bots and break bots. And while they're up wiring and soldering all night long, you know where I am? I'm at home. With this. 
Pretty funny for a scientist. 
Let me make it easy for you. And in case you can't spell, that 'E-S-Q' means he and his entire law firm are going to be all over your ass. 
Next time you want to talk to me, talk to him.
