Come off it. The car's not even registered to him.
He's a generous guy.
You want to talk out the gun your captain pulled on my client -- an unarmed man? That's got P.D. brutality written all over it.
Let's go.
My client went there after the fact. He was looking for his girlfriend -- didn't find her.
Mickey, you have the right to an attorney. But if you're not hiding anything I suggest you answer their questions.
Do you see the man who killed your father in this courtroom?
Max ...
I'm advising you not to say another word.
Max, that is enough.
Let's make a deal.
My client agreed to talk to you, not be harassed by you.
You're fishing.
That's it, we're done here.
My client has agreed to plead to possession and answer any questions. Nothing she tells you can be interpreted as criminal intent ...
Wait a minute. I haven't seen these.
Yeah.
I see the pictures. I hear the theories. Still doesn't make my client a murderer.
This is harassment.
My client has no comment at this time. Mr. Braun is looking forward to putting this whole unfortunate business behind him.
My client is landscaping her backyard with her boyfriend. Explains her prints on his shovel. 
Which explains the absence of his prints.
Raina ... 
I read the court order. Uh, you found trace amounts of some ointment on the roller coaster tracks? Is that the only reason for this conversation?
Unless you want to argue that my client stood on her head and held a wrench in her toes, we're done here.
Circumstantial evidence at best.
Don't answer that.
Did you have a warrant for that tape?
I'd like to advise my client. Careful how you answer that, son. This man here's slicker than a snake in the curly green grass.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's confidential business 'tween me and this here buckaroo.
What is this about?
Adam, I ...
Uh, do you have any evidence at all that refutes my client's account, or suggests otherwise?
I spoke to both the bartender at the Highball and the cab company, and a cab was ordered and drove the victim home.
