Mugs?
I remember the first time I saw you. You didn't have any clothes on.
I would've taken you home right then if I could have.
I'll take care of it. You go back to the pit. Make sure nobody's robbing us blind.
You know, back in, uh ... in '67 I was in my 20s and ... I was drinking in a dive in downtown Buffalo. At the end of the bar was this pro quarterback drinking double scotches, two at t time midnight to 7:00 in the morning. It's Sunday, game day, mind you. So you know what I did? Called my bookie, bet against him. Guess what? I'll be damned if he didn't throw six touchdown passes.
You know, even when Tony was juicing he could run circles around these college, Harvard types ... and I'm not saying that just because he was my kid. Tony was the best damn casino exec this town has ever seen and just between you and me ... I couldn't hold a candle to him. Now he's dead. Overdose.
Nobody shoots at that target without going through me. 
What do you mean?
Which one? I mean, they were all trying to pick the gold out of his teeth.
She's the worst ... and he loved her the most. Can you believe it?
If I know her type, now that she has the gold she'll be going after the silver.
You know, this ... this could've all been his. His and Tony's.
Sure it is. I committed the cardinal sin. I loved one son more than the other.
But you can hide it. And I didn't. They're my sons ... I made them, I raised them ... and one kills the other.
You know, I should've married your mother.
Just wasn't in the cards, Catherine. It just wasn't in the cards.
A way to get you to talk to me. 
Not enough?
Not in the eyes of the law. You look good, Mugs. How's Lindsey? She likes horses, right?
I'm her grandfather.
Take a good look at me. Plenty of fresh air, sun on my face. You think I need your help?
You know what your problem is? You enjoy making life hard.
Cash it, or tear it up. Do whatever you want. I have one son in jail ... another in the ground. I never did right by your mother. But I'm damn sure going to try to do right by you.
It's either your money or it's my money.
Everyone, I'd like for you to meet my daughter, Catherine.
Excuse us for a minute, all right?
Let me guess, Mugs. The department won't pay the ransom.
Why should I?
Do I look like a man that needs publicity? If you're coming to me like a cop with a tin cup in your hand, the answer is no.
Then ask me like you were my daughter.
Muggs?
Just wanted to see your face, and I missed you at the implosion party.
When's Lily get back from her cruise?
How about a family dinner?
You know you don't always need a reason to call me. I know you're busy.  I'll see you later.
When were you going to tell me about Lindsey?
It's a small town, Catherine.
Anything you need to tell me, I've got people who deal with this stuff. Nobody gets away with threatening my family.
What do you know about it?
Front desk found this in the quick checkout bin.
I don't know. This was just found. Same place.
I swear, I don't know.
I never wanted to involve you personally or professionally in any of my business.
I'll be right along.
She doesn't mean a thing. It's all show. Look, Muggs, yesterday was ...
I don't know what you're talking about.
Sometimes that's the way it goes in business.
I don't know.
I give you my word, no.
