





Officer Metcalf: Unit 584-Adam. Please be advised we're in pursuit of a BMW going southbound on Interstate 15 at a high rate of speed.
Dispatch:  Roger, 158. You are cleared for maneuver.



Officer Metcalf: Driver roll down your window. Let me see your hands.



Anna Leah : Don't shoot. Don't shoot.

Officer Metcalf:  Rookie, clear the vehicle!



Brass: {unintelligible}
Grissom: 4-19?
Brass: More like a four.



Grissom:  Ichabod was horror-struck on perceiving that he was headless.'

Brass: ...Sleepy hollow.



Grissom: Vitreous humor is glazed over.

Brass: What does that mean?
Grissom: That means that, six to eight hours ago somebody lost their head. Then ... somebody lost their head.


 
Catherine: Sayonara.


 
Catherine: Well, well, what a switch. You actually beat us here.
Grissom: It's Evaluation Day.
Catherine: Hmm.
Grissom: Where's Warrick?

Catherine: He's working spillover -- personal thing -- kid he knows who's in trouble.
Grissom: Oh, that's right.  He told me. I forgot.
Catherine: Well, maybe we should be evaluating you.
Grissom: You're a riot, Alice. You and I are going to work the head case.

Catherine: Goody.
Grissom: Nick, another homicide. 4-19, 40 miles outside of Baker.

Nick: Okay. Good. I'm on it.
Grissom: Sara, you go with him.
Sara:  Yes! Road trip.

Sara: I'm gonna go switch boots.

Grissom: Cath, I'll catch up with you.

Catherine: I'll meet you at the autopsy.  'Head'-topsy.

Grissom: Sit down.

Nick: Look. Grissom I know this is a bad time to bitch to the boss but, uh, I've been a CSI Level 3 for nine months now. I was a CSI before Warrick. Warrick works D.B.'S solo. Why can't I?
Grissom: Repeat after me. Silk, silk, silk.
Nick: 'Silk, silk, silk'?
Grissom: At do cows drink?
Nick: Milk.
Grissom:  Cows drink water. They give milk. A simple riddle. Common sense disguised in a puzzle of words, but an excellent barometer for evaluating someone's readiness.
Nick:  Look, I'm not one of your suspects you can trick, okay? If I'm not ready, be a man -- tell me I'm not ready.
Grissom: You're not ready.
Nick: You know why I took this job? Honestly? I wanted to pack heat, walk under the yellow tape, be the man ... but mostly, because I want you to think I'm a good CSI.
Grissom: And that's the reason I have to hold you back.

Grissom: Anybody who's great at anything, Nick, does it for their own approval not someone else's.


 

Dr. Albert Robbins: uh, voice sound familiar?
Catherine: Kind of sounds like the daytime coroner.
Grissom: Gary Telgenhoff?
Dr. Albert Robbins: Yep. A songwriter in his off-time. What do you think?
Catherine:  It sucks.
Dr. Albert Robbins: Hmm.
Catherine: Hey, I just filed for divorce. I'm feeling a little confident.
Grissom:  I like it.
Catherine: So, where's the head?

Dr. Albert Robbins: Well, police I.D.'d him at the scene when they ran his plates compared the DMV head shot to the head. Grissom, Catherine, meet Victor Dasilva.


Grissom: What did this?

Dr. Albert Robbins: Hard to tell without making a mold.
Grissom: Fatal blow?
Dr. Albert Robbins:  Looks like it.

Catherine: Man, look at those chopping wounds on the jawbone. 

Catherine: They almost look like practice swings.
Grissom: It could've been dark. Bad aim, maybe?
Catherine: Definitely a crime of passion.
Grissom: You think a female could do this?
Catherine: I could have.

Grissom:  Scared of you.

Dr. Albert Robbins: If you want to know what exact tools were used we're going to need to boil the head.

Grissom: Really? You want me to prepare it?
Dr. Albert Robbins: Sure. What, uh, additive do you put in your boil?

Grissom: Laundry detergent. Works great. It's like peeling off a rubber halloween mask.

Dr. Albert Robbins: Excellent.

Catherine: Well, I'm out of here. I'm going to be with Brass ... see if I can get anything on those Victoria's Secret girls.

Grissom: Where's your crock-pot, Doc?


 
Warrick: Mr. Moore.

Charles Moore: My grandson won't take my calls. He'll only talk to you.
Warrick: I think James called me tonight because he thought I could help him.
Charles Moore: That was a nice thing you did giving him your pager number when he went away but he should be calling me. I'm his grandfather. I deserve to know what happened.
Warrick: James is all right but, uh, there was a big brawl at the detention center. James was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Charles Moore:  What's my grandson looking at?
Warrick: If he talks, he'll be dead inside a month. Now, if he keeps quiet, the D.A. will put the squeeze on him. He'll probably end up in the big house you could lose your boy forever then.
Charles Moore: Why didn't James call me ... tell me?
Warrick: He probably knew what your advice would be. To do the honorable thing.
Charles Moore: There's no honor in jail.
Warrick: Not without a price. Look, a crime occurred. CSI's got full jurisdiction. I got myself assigned to the case. I'll see if I can take James out of the middle.


 
Brass: Can we offer you girls something to drink?
Lori: Please don't say that word.
Brass: You want to tell us why two college freshmen were driving a stolen BMW with a head in the trunk?
Anna Leah: We already told you. We had no idea that was in the trunk.

Lori:  Gross.
Catherine: Now there's a start-- 'gross.' Gross negligence-- flying down I-15 in a stolen car. Gross anatomy-- a human bowling ball in the trunk. Gross details-- let's hear it.

Anna Leah: We lost our friends at bar 911.

Anna Leah:  We had no ride home. We were bored. So, we started shots of tequila ...


Anna Leah: ... with some guy who looked like ... like Cat Stevens.



Anna Leah: Whoo!

Anna Leah:  Next thing we know, we're in his van playing strip poker.

Lori: I can't believe we're doing this.


Anna Leah: It was a blast at first. Then, um ... 

Anna Leah: Then he said the creepiest thing.

Stranger: So, I met this girl on the internet who offered me a round-trip ticket to fly out and help her end her life. She wanted me to shove a tennis ball down her throat.


Anna Leah: Lori! Lori, over here! Lori!


Catherine: Let me guess. You left your clothes in the van.
Lori: We were so out of there. 
Anna Leah: This guy was weird. Like, way weird. I was thinking that he was going to pull a Silence of the Lambs on me and tell me to 'put lotion in the basket.'


Brass: You know what I think? I don't think you two are murderers. I think you're just felony stupid. But, for now, you're being booked on evading arrest, grand theft auto, DWI. You go with this officer here.

 
 
Man : Lockdown is in effect. All guards remain at your posts.
James Moore: I love my grandpa -- don't get me wrong -- but he's got no idea how it works in here. I'm not sure you do, either.
Warrick: Why don't you tell me?
James Moore: First off, this place only sees two colors: Black and white. You stay with your own. Despite what those chucks think upstairs this entire place is infiltrated with rolling 60s. Overflow from L.A.
Warrick: That's a lot of education in a short time, huh?
James Moore: Yeah. I mean, I'm just trying to survive, man. I'm 60 days and a wake-up unless I get got.
Warrick: James, why don't you take a deep breath and tell me what happened here.
James Moore: First, you got to tell me something. You got to tell me what side you're on.
Warrick: Whose 'side' I'm on? Who reached out to you, man?
James Moore: Who put me in here?
Warrick: James, I'm trying to help you.

James Moore: All right. It breaks down like this --

James Moore:  Kingpin from Gerson Park and Kingpin from L.A. County/Slauson both under one roof. It was time for one of them to stake their claim. 

James Moore:  Vegas fool got shanked. 

James Moore:  I was sitting right there. I had two things going against me: I'm the newest face and the only witness.

Warrick: So it's your life versus time.
James Moore: Basically, yeah and everybody knows about it. They're just waiting to see what I'm going to do. I sing ... they send me a song back. I shut up ... I'm your age when I get out.

 
 
Sara: Who found the body?
Sgt. O'Riley: Department of Agriculture. They were searching for wild horses in their chopper when they found it. None of the boys would even go near it. I had to tape the perimeter myself.
Sara: Where is it?

Sgt. O'Riley: Just follow my prints.

Nick: Oh, man.
Sara: There's no head. Think it's DaSilva?

Nick: If it's the rest of him he's been skinned.
Sara: Uh... hands and feet have been amputated.
Nick: Yeah. Most likely to avoid I.D. Hey, Sara.
Sara: Yeah?

Nick: No approaching surface prints. No tire tracks. Only O'Riley's boot prints. These are ours. Look at the area around the corpse. Look at the big dent in the ground, like a meteor hit.


 
Caucasian Detainee:  That guy's from the crime lab. You gonna spray some chemical stuff over the dorm, man?
Black Detainee: Hey, what you got in the tackle box, babe? You going fishing?
Black Detainee: Hey, brother, what's up? Let me talk to you real quick.
Deputy: Welcome to juvie. It's all yours.




Proverbs 29:23; and 'WARRICK' 555-0127.)

 
 
Sara: I'm not sure you should be doing this.
Nick: What are we doing? Walking through the garage.

Sara: Snooping for trace on Grissom and Catherine's stolen BMW?

Nick: All right. It's simple. We got the body, they got the head. The BMW's fair game. Come on, Sara, where's your 'Noriega'?
Sara: What has gotten into you?
Nick: Grissom. 





Nick: Uh ... Sara ... want to take a look at this?


 
Dr. Albert Robbins: It's like nothing I've seen before -- honestly, Gil -- in all my years. 
Grissom: The head or the torso?
Dr. Albert Robbins: Torso. Look at the width of the ribcage -- it's enormous -
- and the shoulders are significantly larger in proportion and size compared to the average endomorph.
Grissom: The bone structure is disproportionate.
Dr. Albert Robbins: Correct. I measured the tibia and fibula around the ankle area then the radius and the ulna at the wrists -- the bones are 10-15% larger than the standard homo sapiens. Left fracture of the ischial prominence of the pelvis. Fracture of the pubis synphisus. Fracture of the lumbar spine vertebrae ...
Grissom: Anything not broken?
Dr. Albert Robbins: No, the trauma's similar to some of the leapers I get in here: Out of state, out of cash and out the window.
Grissom: Suicide by hotel.
Dr. Albert Robbins: This was not a hotel. What you see here is the flattening and expansion of the body that could only be caused by the impact of a very steep fall. If I know anything, I know two unequivocal truths: Dasilva's head does not belong to this body. And the reason I know that is because the torso is not human.
Grissom: What is it?
Dr. Albert Robbins: I don't know. You're going to need an anthropologist.



Greg Sanders: uh-hmm.

Greg Sanders: uh-hmm.



Greg Sanders: Squirrels love 'em ... they get tossed at dodger stadium and they make a hell of a butter.
Sara: You're nuts. You know that.
Greg Sanders: Exactamundo. 

Greg Sanders: Peanuts! Right scope's the shell left scope's the skin of the nut. Think 'peanuts español.'
Nick: Peanuts on the gas pedal. You're kidding.
Greg Sanders: Uh-uh.
Sara: That's one of those funny clues. Could mean nothing or could mean everything.
Nick: Hmm.

 
Brass: Whoa. Who are you, pal?
Trent Calloway: I'm Trent Calloway. Who are you?
Brass: I'm Jim Brass. Homicide. This is Gil Grissom. Crime lab. Does a Victor DaSilva live here?
Trent Calloway: Yeah, but he's out.
Grissom: And you're in.
Trent Calloway: Yeah. I'm painting the house.
Brass: In the middle of the night? Back up, Slick. We got some bad news.

 
 
Brass: So when was the last time you saw Victor DaSilva with his head attached?
Trent Calloway: A day or two ago. 

Trent Calloway: This whole painting thing had him stressed out.

Grissom: 'Picking up airheads just got easier.'
Trent Calloway: Yeah. He worked freelance mostly. He won a 'bandy' award for that one.
Brass: So he worked for an ad agency. What else did he do for a living?
Trent Calloway: That's it, as far as I know.

Brass: What about you? I mean, besides painting walls.
Trent Calloway: I'm a bouncer at the french palace. I throw guys like you out.

Brass: Yeah. You know, you don't seem too shook up about DaSilva's death.
Trent Calloway: We weren't that close. We had some mutual friends, he needed someone to help him with this place and, uh, I never turn down a job.

Brass: Well, I hope you got paid in advance. 


Brass: Found a picture of Victor DaSilva and, uh ... somebody.
Grissom: What does that mean?
Brass: Cut out.

Grissom: So bizarre, human behavior. What you can't cut out of your mind you can always cut out of your photo album.
Brass: Why are we in the closet?
Grissom: I got a call from Greg Sanders, at our lab. He found peanut shells on the foot pedals of Victor DaSilva's car.
Brass: Hmm.

Grissom: And voila. 
Brass:  Mr. Calloway, would you mind coming in here, please? 

Grissom: Mr. Calloway ... is there a remote possibility that Victor DaSilva ever worked at a concession stand of some sort like at a ballpark or ... the secret garden of Siegfried and Roy in the elephants' habitat?
Trent Calloway: I don't think it's Victor's style. This is ridiculous.
Grissom: Well, not according to his size 11s.

 

Maintenance Engineer: I'm Telling you ... the kids in here got nothing but time. You'd be surprised what they can come up with.
Warrick: Nothing surprises me anymore.
Maintenance Engineer: Yeah? Wait awhile. This is the main thoroughfare for all the toilets. All the goods come through here. 

Maintenance Engineer: You know, it's funny -- I wanted to be a surgeon.

Maintenance Engineer: Step back for Molly.

Warrick: Step back for Warrick.

Warrick: Whew!


Warrick: Whew!


Warrick: Impressive.

 
 
Dr. Albert Robbins: Dr. Miller, this is outside my purview as a coroner. 

Teri Miller: The specimen's pelvic girdle and spine ... are curved and upright suggesting the species may be quadrupedal. The left and right femur and humerus are derivative of the tarsius.

Teri Miller: I think I know what this is. Your preliminary evaluation is correct, Dr. Robbins. It's not human. It's a primate. More specifically, a gorilla.


;


 
Narrator:  Bushmeat hunters thrive on the murdering of gorillas for profit. In the United States their meat is considered a delicacy. It is said if the animal is ingested its great powers will be passed on to the consumer.

Grissom: What are you doing?

Sara: Working the case.
Grissom: What case?
Sara: The skinned gorilla torso forty miles outside of Baker. Remember?
Grissom: I don't think that is a case.
Sara: Well, it was at the start of shift. A crime has been committed.

Grissom: I hate to be the one to state the obvious, but, uh ... this isn't a human being we're dealing with -- it's an animal.

Sara: And ...
Grissom: And every time a dog gets run over you can't go to the vet to examine it.

Sara: I can't believe you. You, with your pet tarantula your maggot farms, that komodo dragon on back order ... you should be more sympathetic to the senseless murder of an innocent gorilla.
Grissom:  You're right. I apologize. I was just checking to see where your head was at. For now, you're working alone. Catherine needed Nick.
Sara: Bummer.

Grissom: We got another dead body call.
Sara: Wait. Is he missing a head?
Grissom: Maybe. Meantime, you're on standby in case Nick needs backup. 

Grissom: Your evaluation form. 'Overall performance: Outstanding.' 'Ability to prioritize:' ...

Grissom: ... 'Improvement needed.'


 
Nick: You up for a riddle?
Catherine: Sure. Why not?

Nick: Okay, repeat after me: Silk, silk, silk.
Catherine:  Silk, silk, silk.
Nick:  What do cows drink?
Catherine: Water. Why?

Nick:  Never mind.


 
Greg Sanders: Who thought that a toothbrush could take a kid's life?
Warrick: Yeah. Son of a bitch was crafty -- I'll give him that. Melted the end of the toothbrush to insert the razor blade.
Greg Sanders: Then why the rubber band?

Warrick: Concealment.
Greg Sanders: Oh, that's deep.
Warrick: Yeah. Now all I got to do is put this shank in someone's hand.



Catherine: Hey ... here's something new. 

Catherine: The cousin of footprints. Sock prints ... look. That's not from a shoe. Look at the fabric impressions. The guy ran out of here in his socks.
Nick:  Mm-hmm. Perp thought he could cover his tracks by taking off his shoes.
Catherine:  He thought wrong.

Brass: Manager spotted the blood during a night sweep. 

Brass: Want to know who the shed reregistered to? Victor DaSilva.
Catherine: Our head.

Nick: Oh ... so this is the rest of his body?
Brass: It ain't gorilla.

Catherine: Well, this amount of blood suggests that the victim was killed here. Why don't I do the one-to-ones and you start looking for the weapon?
Nick: Yeah-- whatever punctures, whatever chops. 






Nick: Bob Villa.

Catherine: Paul Bunyan.


 
Catherine: By the way, what about my evaluation?

Grissom: Keep up the good work, Catherine. 

Grissom: Are those molds dry yet?

Catherine: They're tacky. 

Catherine: Hmm, positive to positive.
Grissom: That'll never hold up in court, though. We're going to need to make negative molds.

Catherine: Tabling the ax. Hammer time.

Catherine: Um ... pretty close.
Grissom: All right, I fed the measurements from the claw end of the hammer. 

Grissom: Something doesn't seem right about this. Why would you use the claw end of the hammer to kill him and not the hammer end? 

Catherine: Wait a minute. Maybe it wasn't about hitting him in the head. Maybe it was about fitting him in the locker.




Grissom:  So the footlocker had no headroom.
Catherine:  Exactly.




Sara: So, uh, Tricky Nick. What did you get on your evaluation?

Nick: It's private.

Sara: Yeah, but how many 'outstandings' did Grissom give you?
Nick: Enough.

Sara: What did he tell you to look for?

Nick: Grissom didn't tell me anything. 

Nick: I put this together myself. 

Nick: Give me some light here, will you, partner?
Sara: Yeah.

Nick: All right, it's like this: Sock prints were found at the crime scene: Size 11. Shoes Grissom took from the closet here: Size 11. Dasilva's shoe size: Ten. So whose size 11's were they? Grissom missed something.




Sara: 'Spur's Corral.' I know that place. They give you peanuts for starters instead of bread or chips and salsa.

Nick: I'm calling Grissom.
Sara: Look, you obviously don't need my help. I-I got go put something to rest. See you later?

Nick: All right. Thanks.


 
Dr. Albert Robbins: The body from the storage shed -- it's Victor DaSilva, all right. We ran his prints.
Grissom: It's nice that he still had his hands.

Dr. Albert Robbins: I was wrong about the cause of death.
Grissom: The hammer didn't do it?
Dr. Albert Robbins: No. He was shot point-blank in the heart.

Dr. Albert Robbins: .380. Imagine the human heart as an apple.

Dr. Albert Robbins:  Instant liquefaction.

Catherine: We found everything else in that shed. I don't know why we didn't find a gun.
Grissom: Well, maybe he was shot somewhere else.
Catherine: That would explain the plastic.

Grissom: What plastic? You never told me about any plastic.
Catherine: I didn't? Oh. 

Catherine: The victim was wrapped in a plastic sheet.
Grissom: Victor DaSilva's entire house was covered in plastic. He was having it painted.
Catherine: Really? Who's the painter?

Grissom: Nobody famous.

Catherine: Yet.


 
Brass: You had access to victor DaSilva's house?
Trent Calloway: Yeah, I was painting it.
Brass: You own a gun? I don't mean a paint gun.
Trent Calloway: No.
Catherine: Okay, let's get right to it. What's your shoe size?
Trent Calloway: Why?
Grissom: I have a shoe fetish. I love feet.
Trent Calloway: It's 13.
Brass: Take off your shoes and socks. We need to verify.


Catherine: Okay ... step on the paper. 

Catherine: Two sizes too big. You can go.


 
Grissom: I'd tell you not to step on the evidence, but, uh...
Brass: Yeah, but what's the point? Pretty good gimmick they got here, though. You eat peanuts, toss the shells on the floor -- nobody gives a rat's ass.

Nick: You sure you can't help me out?
Restaurant Manager: No. Victor DaSilva never worked here.
Nick: We found one of your uniforms in his closet. Any idea how it got there?
Restaurant Manager: No.
Nick: Guys ... look, boss, I'm sorry. I thought I was onto something here. I had a conflict in shoe sizes so I thought I'd play a hunch. Sara was right there. We were checking out the shoes ...  ... and we found some peanuts in the cuff links and go up and Spurs Corral.

Brass: Incidental.
Nick: I don't think so.

Nick: ...so that's why I buzzed you guys down. You got to follow your hunches, right?
Grissom: Yeah, sure. Jim.
Brass: Yeah.
Grissom: You still got that picture that you took from DaSilva's house?

Brass: Yeah. Yeah. Here it is.


Nick: What? You're looking at the sombrero?

Grissom: The earrings. Victor DaSilva was here with someone he cut out of his life.
Brass: Probably his girlfriend.

Grissom: Excuse me. You recognize this ear?

Restaurant Manager: You got to be kidding me.  Wait a minute. Yeah, I do. I do recognize those earrings.

Brass: Fred Applewhite?

Fred Applewhite: Y'all here for lunch?
Grissom: No. Takeout.


 
Sara: I heard you were disassembling the gorilla.
Teri Miller: For purposes of disease control. Per the CDC, I have to take samples and dispose of this animal immediately.
Sara: Well, I've been trying to find out who did this to her and, um, I have some questions.

Teri Miller: You ask, I'll answer.
Sara: Why did they amputate the gorilla's head?
Teri Miller: It's a trophy. American fetishists would pay up to $10,000 for the head of a lowland gorilla.
Sara: The hands and feet?
Teri Miller: Novelty items. Sold as ashtrays.
Sara: Here Nick and I were thinking it was to avoid I.D. Why skin it?
Teri Miller: Purses, shoes, boots ... It's sad. Genetically we're 92.7% identical with gorillas. 
Sara: It's hard to tell where the human ends and the animal begins.
Teri Miller: Well said.
Sara: I checked out a couple of websites ... bushmeatorg. I think she was killed probably in Cameroon or Congo transported to the port of Los Angeles. Dismembered, packaged ... loaded onto a small plane ... where they dumped what they couldn't sell but, uh, I just have to find the plane.
Teri Miller: Needle in a haystack. Chances are, whoever did this are halfway around the world by now.
Sara: There has to be something I can do.
Teri Miller: Actually, there is.


 

Sara: For every one that parts, one stands aboveground.


 
Nick: Okay, Mr. Applewhite ... take a walk.


Catherine: Okay, great. Now, Mr. Applewhite ... this time, I want you to do something different. 

Catherine: This time ... run.


Grissom:  Footprints are almost as reliable 




Grissom: ... as fingerprints and every step tells a story. The first few steps, you were walking. 

Grissom: See the complete heel, arch and five little piggies? The next few steps, however ... 

Grissom: ... the heel disappears. All of the pressure is put on ball of the foot and toes. Why? Because you were running. And my guess is that, on the day you had a head in your hand.
Nick: You see, everyone's foot makes a unique well impression. Check it out. 

Nick: The, uh width ... ball of the foot ... instep ... arch ... and, uh ... 

Nick: ... size 11 for dessert.
Grissom: Mr. Applewhite your footprints ... place you at the crime scene.
Fred Applewhite: Victor and I were partners. We shared everything including in our house and the storage shed.
Brass: We know that. When did you move out?
Fred Applewhite: Three months ago. He found somebody else ... kicked me out.
Brass: And you took all your possessions with you?
Fred Applewhite: Not everything.
Brass: So, you were hoping for a reconciliation.
Fred Applewhite: Yeah. I thought, once Victor got this new guy out of his system he'd come around.
Grissom: But he didn't, did he? That's why you went to his house last night.
Fred Applewhite: Who said I went there?
Grissom: The plastic. 

Grissom: You know ... the plastic that you lay down when you paint a house. The kind of plastic that you, uh ... 

Grissom: ... wrap a dead body in. The plastic that we found your fingerprints on.
Brass: Let me tell you what I think happened.

Victor Dasilva: Take what you want. I don't care. I've moved on.

Fred Applewhite: What do you think you're going to do, just paint me out of your life?
Victor Dasilva: Just take what you want and get out.
Fred Applewhite: I'll tell you what I want. 







Fred Applewhite: Damn it! God!


Brass: So, what did you forget?
Fred Applewhite: You wouldn't believe it, but I forgot to lock the shed.
Brass: And when you came back out your car was gone.
Fred Applewhite: Yeah.  I don't know who took it.
Grissom: We do.

Anna Leah: Wait, Lori!




Grissom: You know that reminds me -- I got to remember to take Greg Sanders to lunch. He did a nice job sniffing out those peanuts.

Nick:  Yeah, he did.


 
O'Riley: We were waiting for you. Meet Ronnie Connors.

Warrick: Where's his attorney?
Ronnie Connors:  What you talking to him about my business? Ask me.

Warrick: Where's your lawyer?
Ronnie Connors:  Ask him.

Warrick: How's your plaque?
Ronnie Connors: My what?
Warrick: Your teeth. I mean, how many toothbrushes does a guy need? 

Warrick: Apparently, for you it's as many as it takes to make the perfect shank.
Ronnie Connors: Let me tell you something, Breeze. I'm L.A. County/Slauson payback crip, cuz. I got a lot of offspring up in here -- black as night. They answer to me because I'm the macaroni. I mean, seriously ... you have any idea who you talking to?
Warrick: Yeah.


 
James Moore: So I don't have to testify?
Warrick:  The evidence will testify for you. Ronnie Connors ... bought a toothbrush and some rubber bands at the commissary. He didn't know it but that's the last shank he'll ever make.
James Moore: How'd you know it was RC's?
Warrick: Before he made the shank he shaved with the same razor. His DNA was all over the blade.
James Moore: Oh, god. 

James Moore: I owe you, man.
Warrick: It's not me you have to thank.



James Moore:  I love you, grandpa.

Charles Moore: You're all I got, James. You're everything to me, you hear?



 
Warrick: I thought you said we were grabbing a beer.
Grissom:  We are, after this.
Warrick:  Grissom, you know, this is your thing. 

Grissom: Ah-ah-ah. Every nine years and 34 days I feel like sharing. You'll like it. It cleanses you.

Warrick: Cleanses me? 

Warrick: Whatever happened to my evaluation?

Grissom: You're sitting in it.


Warrick:  Oh, yes!
