


Cue Sound: MONKS CHANTING

 

Grissom: 'Wherever you live is your temple, if you treat it like one.'
Sara: State your source.
Grissom: Buddha.

Nick: Paramedics just pronounced. Four dead, no witnesses. Coroner's on his way. Guy in the robe flagged down an officer.
Grissom: 'Guy in the robe' is a monk, Nick.
Nick: Yeah? Well ... 

Nick: He's a quiet monk. Non-native, from Thailand.



Sara: Rug's low pile, smooth. I'll try to dust-lift.
Grissom:  Okay. Let's hug the walls.



Grissom: Gunshot to the head. Times four.
Sara: Gold statues ... money trees ... that's a lot of loot to leave behind. 
Grissom: This wasn't a robbery. This was a hit.

Grissom: Five years ago, West Vegas ... German tourist took a wrong turn, ended up dead. This 'placa' was sprayed across the windshield of their rental car. It's the Snakebacks.
Sara: Gangbangers? At a Buddhist Temple?
Nick: Stippling around entry.

Nick: Close range. Looks like they were shot one at a time. How do you get one vic -- let alone four-- to sit still while you put a bullet between their eyes?
Grissom: They were praying.
Nick: Yeah, for mercy. 
Grissom: For whoever was shooting them.




Sgt. O'Riley: What can you tell me about the victims?
Ananda: We came from Thailand to share Buddhism here in Nevada.
Sgt. O'Riley: But you didn't share the last couple hours together. Where were you?
Ananda: I was at the bank. We're raising money to build a school. I was making a deposit.
Sgt. O'Riley: Where are the other monks?
Ananda: On a retreat. They come back tomorrow.
Grissom: May I ask a question? This is a high-crime area. Have you had any problems here before? Like break-ins or burglaries?
Ananda: The past ... is in the past.
Grissom: True. But sometimes, it leaves its fingerprints on the future.


Catherine:  Aren't you on duty?

Jimmy Tadero: Hey.
Catherine: Hey.
Jimmy Tadero: How you doing, kiddo?

Catherine: Okay. How are you.
Jimmy Tadero: Fine. Sit.

Catherine: Whew. Attitude adjustment?
Jimmy Tadero: For the wife. Says she can't face me without it.
Catherine: Ah. How is Mrs. Tadero?
Jimmy Tadero: Counting the days till I retire. Nice job on the Logan case.
Catherine: Oh.
Jimmy Tadero: Hoo-hoo! Wild ride!
Catherine: Mm-hmm.
Jimmy Tadero: You did good.
Catherine: Yeah?
Jimmy Tadero: Yeah.
Catherine: Well ... I had a good teacher.

Catherine: So, did you see it? The confession? 
Jimmy Tadero: On tv, yeah.
Catherine: And what do you think?
Jimmy Tadero: I always regretted the jury didn't give him the chair but I'll take cancer, long as he's gone.

Mark/Dwight Kelso:  God is my witness, I did not kill her.

Jimmy Tadero: Deathbed denial. Negotiate with god for a better seat in hell.
Catherine: What if Kelso didn't kill Stephanie?
Jimmy Tadero: I looked him in the eyes fifteen years ago. He did it.


Catherine: What if he didn't? I mean ...
Jimmy Tadero: Witnesses saw him bothering her in the club that night. Uniform picks him up a block from the alley. Knife cut on his hand. Come on, Cath!
Catherine:  Well ... maybe I'm just afraid that if I accept that he killed her that it's over, and Stephanie's really dead. 

Catherine:  I ... I don't know.

Jimmy Tadero: What never lies?

Catherine: The evidence.



Catherine: The statute says that once the convicted party is executed or dies, the evidence can be destroyed. I-it's not here.
Warrick: Relax. They said it'd be here.
Catherine: Yeah, well, people make mistakes.
Warrick: Well, that's why we have computer tracking. Fourteen ... it was fifteen, right?
Catherine: Yeah. Fifteen ...

Warrick: Stephanie Watson, right?
Catherine: Yeah. 

Catherine: Yeah, that's it. 



Catherine: This was my old life.
Warrick: Yeah? We all have a past, huh?
Catherine:  Stephanie was my best friend.

Stephanie Watson: Hey, we still on for tonight?
Catherine:  I got a gig. I promised him I'd be there. Forgive me?
Stephanie Watson: Just this once.

Catherine: I never saw her again.
Warrick: What exactly are we looking for?
Catherine:  Peace of mind that they got the killer.

Warrick: Well, I'd start with this.



David Suddahara: Forgive me. English is my second language.
O'Riley: I understand you fine. So, you're the part-time cook here?  How many days a week do you work at the temple?
David Suddahara: Three.
O'Riley: You have a key?
David Suddahara: No need. The door is always open. I told the monks.
O'Riley: Too trusting. In this neighborhood, yeah. They ever have any problems with gangs?
David Suddahara: Couple months ago I saw spray paints on the back wall. Gang signs. I wanted to file a police report, but Ananda ... told me not to.
O'Riley: Why not?
David Suddahara: I told you. 
O'Riley: 'Monks are too trusting.'



Nick: Interesting reading for a man of the cloth. That monk had it in the bottom of his desk drawer.  And he was the guy handling the money. You hide one thing from your brothers, then maybe he was hiding more.
Sara: Yeah, but just 'cause you're stashing trash doesn't make you a killer.
Nick: Yeah, I'm just ... talking it out, Sara. What'd you find?
Sara: I found some boot prints on the prayer room rug. Monks don't wear boots, right, Nick?
Nick: No, no, or read p0rn or commit murder.
Sara: I also found a smudge with some trace material on a small statue. It was a partial, some ridge detail, but not make-able and a wad of gum that was stuck to the big Buddha. All of which is definitely pointing to an outside job.
Nick: Hey, whatever. Outside, inside. Why shoot four people, then leave the murder weapon behind the temple where even a blind man could find it?
 And I hate taking off my shoes.



Robbins: All were shot in the third eye, the sixth chakra, vortex of consciousness. I was a gray's anatomy man, until I lost my legs. I started getting phantom pains no drug or exercise could control. I began studying the chakras.
Grissom: Well, I do know that the seven chakras correspond to the body's seven energy centers.
Robbins: Each has a color and a vibration. 

Robbins: Muladhara, the root chakra, keeps us in the physical world. Svadisthana, seat of sexual energy. Manipura, melting pot of spiritual and earthly desires. Anahata, the loving heart. Visuddha, where feelings are given expression. Ajna, the third eye. Saharsrara, the crown connecting the mortal human to the timeless universe.
Grissom: Let's go back to the third eye.
Robbins: Ajna, the hub of higher consciousness.
Grissom: If someone were threatened by that consciousness, that would be a logical target, yeah?
Robbins: Hmm, there's a very good chance your killer's a Buddhist.



Greg Sanders: Now, this is where Ecklie swabbed the blood sample from the blade fifteen years ago. It's your friend's, Stephanie Watson. And we got the second sample from the handle end. Perfect match to Dwight Kelso, the guy convicted for Stephanie's murder.

Place Handling Labels Here
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
Officer's: CE ]

Catherine: Thank you, Greg. Thank you.

Greg Sanders: Had to be hard on you. Losing a friend, someone that you ...

Catherine: I'm taking this to Trace.



Greg Sanders: Did I miss something?
Catherine: You see that?

Greg Sanders: Hmm, it's blood. That's a weak sample. That's probably why Ecklie took the thicker one.
Catherine: Fifteen years ago, we figured, why light up something you can't analyze in the first place?
Greg Sanders: Yeah, except now, we can replicate DNA a million times, even from the most minute sample of blood.
Catherine: Priority.
Greg Sanders: Let me know what you find out.

Greg Sanders: Yes, ma'am.



Nick: Bobby D. Shot the test bullet through the rifle you found behind the temple. It's on the right.

Nick: Bullet from vic number three on the left. Lans and grooves align perfectly.


Grissom: Well, we've got ourselves a murder weapon.
Nick: Well, we've got more than that. Sara and I found prints off the rifle.
Grissom: And?
Nick: Well, I'll give you a hint. He's bald, he wears a robe and he likes his coeds bodacious.
Grissom:  One survivor, one suspect. 
Nick: And a whole lot of bad karma.



Ananda: I entered through the back. The rifle was on my desk. I walked into the prayer room to ask my brothers about the gun. I returned to my office, placed the weapon outside and went for help.
Nick: Tampering with evidence is against the law.
Ananda: The temple is a holy place.
Nick: Maybe, but a crime had been committed there.
Ananda: Please understand, I was obeying my teachings.
Grissom: Do your teachings allow you to keep pornography?
Ananda: Someone left the magazine at the temple. I kept it in case this person came back.
Nick: Yeah, right.
Ananda: If you are no longer attached to seeking pleasure, pictures of naked women mean no more than pictures of waterfalls. I abstain from erotic behavior not because we believe s*x is sinful but because preoccupation with worldly pleasure diverts us from the path.
Grissom: Got to be a lot easier to be a monk in a monastery on a mountaintop than one on Las Vegas Boulevard.



Greg Sanders: I ran that faint blood sample from the knife.
Catherine: Wow.
Greg Sanders: Yeah, I know.

Conrad Ecklie: Willows. Just the person I wanted to see. I just signed off on the authorization to destroy evidence in the Stephanie Watson homicides since I was the primary, and then I learned tonight that the evidence has been checked out by you and Warrick. You care to explain that?
Catherine: Found a third donor on the knife. Blood's from a male. Unknown.
Conrad Ecklie: But Kelso didn't have an accomplice.
Catherine: Then you know why we're looking at the file.


Warrick: Hey.
Catherine: Hey.
Warrick: Here's the good news. Look at his hands. The cut on his left index finger -- it's just like the evidence log says.


Warrick: Kelso's glove is not in any of the crime scene photos, any of the sketches, anywhere.
Ecklie: Pictures get lost, Warrick. I do remember that glove, though. Kelso's blood was all over it.

Catherine: It is in the evidence log.
Warrick: You see who logged it in?
Catherine: Jimmy Tadero. Booked two days after the murder. So why no photos?
Warrick: Want me to tag along?
Catherine: He's my mentor. If he screwed up, I don't think he's going to want an audience.



Sara: You know those prints that Nick and I got off the rifle?
Grissom: D.A. Says it's enough for a warrant. Ananda's already in custody.
Sara: Well, I better talk fast, then. The prints are only telling half the story. You know when a shooter holds a gun ...

Sara:  ... he grips the barrel and he wraps his index finger around the trigger? 

Sara: Ananda never fingered the trigger.
Grissom: What about the prints?
Sara: On the weapon, but definitely not where they should be.

Sara: He held the rifle by the stock, barrel pointing down.
Grissom: He never fired it.
Sara: No. Anticipating your next question, the rifle's not registered.
Grissom: Well, Nevada doesn't require rifle registration. What's my next question?
Sara:  That chewing gum -- is with DNA.



Nick: Placa was carved into the panel with a straight-edged blade. Nondescript. Not much to work with. What's unusual is the placa itself.
Grissom: Bangers tag homicides all the time.
Nick: Yeah, but after those German tourists were killed the Snakebacks were pretty much wiped out. The cops really came down hard on those guys. Twenty-seven members were put away for ... for murder and weapons possession, drugs, you name it. According to the gang unit, they've been out of business about a year.
Grissom: So we're looking at a Warhol.

Nick: Hmm?
Grissom: Well, it's not a real soup can. It's a painting of a soup can.
Nick: Not a gang member, uh ... wannabe?
Grissom: Except, if you want to be in a gang, you can be.
Nick:  False clue.

David Phillips: Excuse me, sir? I'm sorry to interrupt.
Grissom: David, stop calling me 'sir.' What's up with the Air Force?
David Phillips: You're all clear for tonight.

Nick: Air Force?

David Phillips: My dad's a Colonel out at Nellis. Grissom's requested a meeting.
Nick: Why?

Grissom: I'm enlisting.



Colonel : Since 9-11, geosynchronous government satellites have maintained a constant watch over U.S. Military installations.
Grissom: And the surrounding areas as well, right? This temple is less than two miles from your base. What's the chances your satellite's picked something up?
Colonel : We can see a postage stamp on the sidewalk outside Lenin's tomb.
Grissom: Cool.



Grissom: Hey. Glad to see you're not in uniform. Only one vehicle passed through the temple gates around the time of the murders. Parked next to the monk's car.
Sara: 'Proud U.S.'
Grissom: Registered to a Peter Hutchins.
Nick: Did you get his picture from outer space?
Grissom: All photographs were intermittent. None included the driver.

Sara: The coffee shop?
Grissom: Yep. Would you like to, uh, process the truck?
Sara: Sure.

Grissom: Thank you.



Nick: Hi there.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: Can I help you guys?
Nick: Yeah, I'm Nick Stokes. This is Gil Grissom. We're with the Vegas crime lab.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: Pete Hutchins. Uh, cops are always welcome. Any sandwich, on the house, guys.
Nick: No, thanks. We're here about the murders at the Buddhist temple off crystal peak drive.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: Yeah, I heard about it.
Grissom: I heard that, uh, some of the local business owners weren't very happy with the members of the temple.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: The monks? Well, they didn't speak English and that bothered the other customers. And it's kind of hard to sell beer, sandwiches or videos when the monks didn't partake in any of those things.

Pete Hutchins, Sr.: Those monks changed the whole feel of this neighborhood. I'm not surprised at any of these murders.
Grissom: Your name is ... ?
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: Peter Hutchins, Sr. 

Peter Hutchins, Sr.: You know what? I've owned this shop for 20 years. Suddenly, these holy robers move in here and business takes a nose-dive. And I don't care what they say. It doesn't have a damn thing to do with the economy. Good night, Las Vegas; Good Morning, Vietnam.
Sara: Uh, Grissom, I found these on the front seat.

Grissom: Uh, which one of you two guys drives the truck outside?
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: I do.
Grissom: Well, these wouldn't be your prayer beads, would they?
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: No. Isn't there a law against her sniffing around inside my truck?
Grissom: She has a warrant.

Nick: Sir, your vehicle was seen in the driveway of the temple around the time of the murders.
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: Now, why would I go to a Buddhist Temple?
Grissom: Probably not looking for salvation.


Ted Benton: Jimmy's running late. Nothing changes, huh?
Catherine: Oh, uh ...

Catherine: Some things do.
Ted Benton: Aw, you kidding, Catherine? Any day of the week, honey, you can still have them three deep, lined up at the bar.
Catherine: You were always nice to me, Ted.
Ted Benton: Nice has nothing to do with it, kid. Let's face it, you and this CSI stuff ... that's where you light up-- you're a natural.
Catherine: Jimmy changed my life. And no funny stuff, just mentor and pupil. Guy delivered me into a whole new life.

Catherine: Hey! Jimmy! What's the case of the week?
Jimmy Tadero: Guy's up a tree, dead.
Catherine: Mm-hmm?
Jimmy Tadero: Ex-wife in the bedroom, with the pool man both very alive, if you know what I mean.
Catherine: Guy's spying on his ex. Has a heart attack when he sees her doing the nasty with the pool man.
Jimmy Tadero: You must have read the coroner's report.
Catherine: Just my woman's intuition.

Ted Benton: I wish he could have done the same for Stephanie.
Catherine: Yeah.

Jimmy Tadero: Hey, Cath. What's the case of the week?
Catherine: Wish I didn't know. You up for this?
Jimmy Tadero: Ted.
Ted Benton: I'll see you, kid.



Catherine: This is where Stephanie was found.

Jimmy Tadero:  Worst day of my life.

Catherine: Over there is where the beat cop grabbed Kelso as he was running out into the alley.
Jimmy Tadero: That's right.
Catherine: Now, do you remember where you found Kelso's bloody glove?
Jimmy Tadero: Up there, around the corner of that dumpster. I figure he'd dropped it, trying to get away.
Catherine: And then you logged it into evidence? No sketches, no photos. Just brought it in two days after the murder.
Jimmy Tadero: Yeah.
Catherine: Arresting Officer never saw a glove, according to the file.
Jimmy Tadero: He was busy trying to corral Kelso. It was dark. I came back in the daylight. What's going on?
Catherine: You always used to say if something doesn't feel right, it probably isn't.
Jimmy Tadero: What do you want? We got the guy.
Catherine: Jimmy, you're not hiding anything, are you? You didn't try to make things fit ... ?
Jimmy Tadero: I'm going to forget you ever asked that.


;


Greg Sanders:  I thought so.



Grissom: Lot of activity in this neighborhood. You're going the wrong way on a one-way. Fender bender on the corner. Some guy running down the middle of the street ...
Nick: Good, we should go after him, then, 'cause the sandwich man's going to walk. His alibi checks out -- he was in Laughlin with his wife at a farmers market.
Grissom: What about the truck?
Nick: Took the van.
Grissom: Left the truck in the driveway. Junior?
Nick: Yeah. Teenage kid, no parents, keys to a ride. I'm all over him.

Greg Sanders: Results from the colored material found at the crime scene. I'm trying to be humble, but once again I have the case breaker.

Grissom: You may be right. Paintball paint.



Nick: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Knock it off!


Nick: Come on over here, Rambo.

Nick: Wow! One pop to the chest and you're out. You got off easy.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: What are you guys doing here?

Grissom: Well, we know that your father's truck was at the temple at the time of the murders. And our lab identified boot prints and paint residue near the altar.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: What kind of paint?
Grissom: Water soluble, with flecks of plastic coating like the kind on your clothes. Toss them in the wash, paint's gone.

Sara: You were there, weren't you?



Pete Hutchins, Jr.: I've never been to the temple.  Never.
Grissom: Well ... see ... 

Grissom: This boot print says you were.
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: Tell him who you lent your boots to. Tell him, or they'll accuse you of something else.
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: Nobody else wears my boots.
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: Son ...
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: We heard that this place was freaky, that there was a money tree and drugs. We wanted to see for ourselves.

Looter: Look-- right there, baby.LOOTER: Check it out!LOOTER: That's got to be solid gold, man.

Looter: Come on, come on ...
Pete Hutchins, Jr.:  we heard someone coming, and we took off.

Pete Hutchins, Jr.: That's why you found my boot prints.
Grissom: No. You see, our dust lifter is only effective on very recent prints. I think you were there the day of the murders.

Pete Hutchins, Jr.: It was a ...  it was a week ago when I went there with my friends. But Tommy, he copped a statue. I went back to return it, and I was removing my boots when I looked inside and I saw them laying there.

Pete Hutchins, Jr.: I wanted to call the police, but I knew if they found me there, they'd think I did it.

Grissom: How'd you know to remove your boots? You'd been there before?
Pete Hutchins, Jr.:  Maybe.
Peter Hutchins, Sr.:  What are you accusing my son of now?
Pete Hutchins, Jr.: They were my friends.
Peter Hutchins, Sr.: Whoa, whoa.  Those monks were your friends? I'm taking a walk.

Pete Hutchins, Jr.: Someone once asked the Buddha, 'How do we escape the heat of a summer's day?' And the Buddha said, 'Why not leap into a blazing furnace?'



Catherine: I got your beep. Did you run those tests?
Warrick: Kelso's glove -- embedded in the fabric-- dog hair. I isolated motor oil on the thumb and the rest of the stains were bloodstains. Kelso's, just like in the report.
Catherine: From where he cut himself stabbing her?
Warrick: You'd think, but you kind of put me on a wild snipe hunt so I tested for all biologicals, and I ran amylase and I found saliva.

Catherine: Kelso's saliva?
Warrick: Yeah.
Catherine: Well, blood mixed with saliva sounds like a mouth injury.

Catherine: Did you check the blood that Ecklie collected from the murder weapon?
Warrick: Also amylase.
Catherine: Well, how did blood from Kelso's mouth end up on the glove as well as the knife?

Catherine:  Unless it was planted.



Catherine: Jimmy. You set him up.
Jimmy Tadero: He killed her.
Catherine: You don't know that.
Jimmy Tadero: Yes, I do.

Dwight/Mark Kelso:  When I stuck her, she called out your name. Where's a cop when you need one?


Catherine: Guys like Kelso brag all the time about things they didn't do, cat-and-mouse ... 
Jimmy Tadero: He had a history of roughing up girls. He had a knife cut on his hand. But the D.A .... got cold feet, released him.

Dwight/Mark Kelso:  You don't have jack on me.



Jimmy Tadero: I helped the evidence along.
Catherine: Good evidence doesn't need help. You taught me that one. I'm going to have to ask you for a sample of your blood.
Jimmy Tadero: What?
Catherine: New technology. We isolated male blood on the murder weapon. It doesn't belong to Kelso.
Jimmy Tadero: You think I killed Stephanie?
Catherine: You were in love with her, Jimmy. That was no secret. But the ring was. 
 
Catherine: Three karats and she turned you down. Same week she died. I never thought anything of it till now.
Jimmy Tadero: You're good. You are.
Catherine: I'll get a warrant.
Jimmy Tadero: Yeah, you do that. You go get a warrant.



Greg Sanders: Well, I have to warn you, any food I find in the gum is not going to be unique. Why don't you just give me a suspect I can match to?
Grissom: I can't give you what I don't have, Greg. All we're going to have is what we get from this gum.
Greg Sanders: All right, then I guess it's slice and dice.
Grissom: Thank you.



Warrick: Results on Jimmy Tadero's sample. I just got it back from DNA.

Warrick: Not going to take a look at it?

Catherine: There was a shooting one night in the club and Jimmy pulls out his revolver and takes down the bad guy. The guy's on the floor, dying. Even though this was fifteen years ago, we still knew about aids. Jimmy then puts his gun away, he leans down -- he starts giving this guy mouth-to-mouth after having just shot him. 

Catherine: Forget his own life, he's going to bring this guy back. And he did. 
Warrick: You want me to open it?

Catherine: You've been excluded on the murder weapon.
Jimmy Tadero: I could have told you that. Did you compare the unknown against the club owner, Ted?
Catherine: Yeah, I compared it to Ted. I compared it to every male in CODIS. There were no hits, nowhere. Have a seat, Jimmy.

Jimmy Tadero: I screwed up -- you want to hear me say it? I liked Kelso. Maybe I was wrong.
Catherine:  Yeah, you were.
Jimmy Tadero: So now what?
Catherine:  You know now what. 
Jimmy Tadero: You're not serious. 
Catherine: You put a man away for life on planted evidence, Jimmy.
Jimmy Tadero: He was a scumbag. He copped to another murder.
Catherine: Scumbag or saint, what you did is a capital crime. You can't play with evidence, especially in a murder.
Jimmy Tadero: I can get life in prison if you turn me in, do you know that? Maybe even the death penalty. Do you know that?!
Catherine: What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? Do you want me to look the other way? Do you want me to dummy my report?
Jimmy Tadero: I can't believe you're doing this to me. I gave you your career.
Catherine: I earned my career and you did this to yourself. You fabricated evidence, Jimmy.
Jimmy Tadero: You were two steps away from turning tricks. This is the thanks I get?

Catherine:  ... because you sold the one thing a cop can't afford to sell: Your integrity. So you tell me, between the two of us who's the whore?
Catherine: Arrest him.


Catherine: You can hate me all you want. I'm going to see you through this.




Grissom: If you see the Buddha on the side of the road, kill him.
Ananda: Because the true Buddha is inside of us so that is the false Buddha or a tired monk who doesn't drive because he can't control his anger.

Grissom: Climb in, I'll give you a lift. 

Grissom: We've cleared the father. The son has also been cleared.
Ananda: And you're looking for my help. You know my religion better than I know your science.
Grissom: There was a gang placa that was scrawled into the walls of your temple. It was put there to mislead us. The weapon you found on your desk was also put there to mislead us. The only other unexplained evidence we have is the chewing gum. We found traces of curry and saffron.
Ananda: Somebody ate a meal, then chewed gum.
Grissom: Sometimes the best evidence we get comes from what people do when they're not thinking. Old habits, routines. I don't think the gum was put there to mislead us. I think it was just a mistake.
Ananda: And you want to know what I eat for dinner.  Curry and saffron.



Grissom: It's the real stuff.
Ananda: The neighborhood kids thought we imported drugs. We just imported spices.
Grissom: And the five of you ate together that night? Any guests?
Ananda: No.

Sgt. O'Riley: How come you don't leave your cell phone on?
Grissom: We're in a temple, O'Riley.
Sgt. O'Riley: Oh, sorry. I just left the bank. Mr. Ananda here, you're playing fast and loose with the school fund money. 

Sgt. O'Riley: You raised just over $13,000 for the school fund, but you only deposited $12,000. You planning any more trips to Disneyland? 
Grissom: According to the bank, you opened the school fund account on the same day as the murders. Where did you have the money before that?
Ananda: In a box in my office. CUT TO:




Grissom: Curry powder. Your temple employs a part-time cook.
Ananda: Mr. Suddahara moved on.
Grissom: After you caught him with his hand in the till? 


Grissom: Why didn't you tell us about Mr. Suddahara before?
Ananda: Because a man steals doesn't mean he also kills.



Sgt. O'Riley: Got any more of that gum, Mr. Suddahara?
David Suddahara: Fresh out.
 
Grissom: Yep, his DNA matches the gum sample.

Grissom: You thought Ananda was going to report you to the police for stealing the money.
Sgt. O'Riley: Went home, got his rifle, came back to make sure he didn't talk. 
Grissom: And he'd gone to the bank to protect the rest of the money but you didn't know that.

David Suddahara: Where is he?

David Suddahara: Did he go to the cops already? If they ask what I look like, here's your answer.


Grissom: I'm curious about one thing, though. Why did you shoot them all in their sixth chakra?
David Suddahara: I shot them between the eyes.
