



Sgt. O'Riley: Welcome to the wild kingdom. Vic's Ruth Elliot, 80 years old. Had at least 20 roommates, all of them feline. Animal control's rounding them up now.
Catherine: Who alerted homicide?
Sgt. O'Riley: Mail was piling up. Mailman looked in the window and called 9-1-1.

Sgt. O'Riley: Take a deep breath before you go inside.



Catherine: Oh, god! Ugh! I didn't think anything could mask the smell of a decomp.
Grissom: Male cat urine ... to us, smelly. To a female cat, it must be like aftershave.
Catherine: Me-ow.

Grissom: David.
Catherine: You don't look so good.
David Phillips: Allergic to cats.
Catherine: Oh, bummer.

David Phillips: Rigor mortis has passed. Lividity is fixed. Extensive marbling on her limbs. She's been dead three or four days and I need a Benadryl. Excuse me.


Grissom: Whoa.
Catherine: She could have died of natural causes. Three or four days, pets could have been looking for their next meal.
Grissom: Sure. Meat is meat.

Catherine: Or maybe they turned on her.

Grissom: Whoa. Look at this. Flowing wound. 

Grissom: That's a deep wound track. This woman was stabbed. I guess the cats are off the hook.


Catherine: Floor's covered with trash. Lots of partials. Mostly from animal control boots. But ... I got something here.
Grissom: Distinctive heel and toe. What, a high heel?
Catherine: Well ... an old lady wears flats or slippers. I can't imagine that this vic entertained.
Grissom: You got to be careful with isolation. It can escalate. Before you know it, you're the crazy cat lady living in the rundown house. People stop coming by to visit. You go outside, your neighbors run across the street to get away from you. Eventually, you stop going out altogether.

Warrick: Whoo, man! It reeks in here. Who lives like this?
Catherine: Cat lover.
Warrick: You think? So, what do we know?
Grissom: Well, there's no signs of forced entry anywhere.
Warrick: Well, I can see why somebody would want to rob this place. I'll start in the bedroom.



Catherine: No reaction. Knives are clean.
Grissom: Well, killer could have brought his own ... took it with him when he left.

Warrick: We might want to reconsider 'burglary gone bad.' I found a busted safe in the bedroom. Empty. I lifted prints.
Willows: A high-heeled thief who knew exactly what to look for and killed the only obstacle in their path.



Brass: Welcome to a 4-45.
Sara: Explosives. It's been a while.
Nick: Fatalities?
Brass: Just this $50,000 Beemer. Marcie Tobin. Her car. And Marcus Remmick, mechanic, an eyewitness. So, divide and conquer?
Nick: Yeah, I'll take the rig.
Brass: I'll take the grease monkey.
Sara: I guess I got the driver.

Marcie Tobin:  How does that make any sense? I mean, why would somebody put a bomb in my car?
Sara: Ms. Tobin? Hi. I'm with the Crime Lab. Mind if I ask you a few questions?
Marcie Tobin: Have you reached my husband?
Officer: I'll check on it, ma'am.
Sara: Thanks. Can you tell me what happened?
Marcie Tobin: I was on my way to my father's office. 

Marcie Tobin:  On Thursdays we have dinner and then I help him with his payroll.

Marcie Tobin: Excuse me? 
Marcus Remmick: We're closed.
Marcie Tobin: My car is making a really strange noise.
Marcus Remmick: Take it to the dealership in the morning.

Marcus Remmick: Lady's driving a brand-new Beemer. First service is 15,000 miles. Things don't go wrong.
Brass: Yeah. But you checked it out anyway, huh?
Marcus Remmick: You know how women get.

Marcus Remmick: Go ahead, pop the hood.

Marcus Remmick: Back away.
Marcie Tobin: Why?
Marcus Remmick: Run, run!
Marcie Tobin: Why?
Marcus Remmick: Run!

Sara: Ms. Tobin, where did you last park your car?
Marcie Tobin: In my house, in my garage.
Sara: And who would have access?
Marcie Tobin: Just me... and my husband. But Johnny had nothing to do with this. He's been at work all day. You can ask him as soon as he gets here.



Sara: Anything probative?

Nick: Check out this displacement. Detritus blew backwards. 

Nick: Right into the driver.
Sara: Uh-huh.

Nick: That's intentional.
Sara: Bombs are personal.
Nick: So ... assuming Mrs. Tobin was the intended target the bomber knew what he was doing.
Sara: Yeah, a hired hit on a housewife.



Robbins: Glad I'm a dog person.
Grissom: You know, house cats have only been domesticated for 4,000 years. They still have predatory instincts.
Catherine: Only 4,000?
Grissom: Yeah.
Catherine: But a cat didn't kill her.
Robbins: You're right. No vital reactions around the bite marks. Predation is all postmortem. Cause of death: cardiac trauma. She was stabbed lateral to the sternal border, just below the fifth intercostal space 

Robbins: ... Straight into the right ventricle. Muscle layers decrease with age. Fascia and tissue layers are easy to penetrate. Can't tell you much about the weapon but the wound track is slick. 

Robbins: I swabbed the foreign substance sent it to Greg.
Grissom: Anything else?
Robbins: Well, vic's lungs were full of fluid. Probably not relevant to your investigation, but the lab cultured her blood. She had a severe staph infection.

Grissom: Grissom.  We'll be right there. 
 
Grissom: Homicide has a witness.



Janet Trent:  Tell them what you told me. Come on, Jessica. What did you see?
Jessica Trent: Oh, the lady over there the one that died, she was nice. She had cats. Lots of them. 
Jackie Trent: Yep.
Catherine: My name's Catherine. What is your name again?
Jessica Trent: Jessica Rachel Trent. I'm eight and a half.
Catherine: Oh, eight and a half. So, I bet you're in the third grade?
Jessica Trent: Yeah. My teacher's Mrs. Armstrong. She's really nice. Except I hate multiplication especially the eight's.
Catherine: You know, I have a daughter. She hates the eight's, too. So, Jessica, can you tell me what you told your mom?
Jackie Trent: I can. Jessica and I were playing handball against the garage door. We saw Mrs. Stein go into Mrs. Elliot's house and they were yelling.
Jessica Trent: When Mrs. Stein came out she looked really angry. K-Kind of like when mommy's boyfriend is late for dinner. She hates that.
Grissom: And, uh ... who is Mrs. Stein?
Sgt. O'Riley: Mrs. Elliot's next-door neighbor. Ran a background check. The good neighbor filed three nuisance complaints against the victim.


Catherine: Hey, are you girls sharing secrets? Can you share it with me?
Jessica Trent: All right.

Catherine:  Thank you.
Jessica Trent: No problem.
Catherine:  I think that we're done here.
Grissom: Okay. Thanks for your help.
Janet Trent: Sure.

Sgt. O'Riley: I'll get a warrant for Mrs. Stein's shoes. See if we can place her at the crime scene.

Grissom: Don't you have a secret to share with me now?
Catherine: Oh, uh, Mrs. Stein? She hates cats.





Nick: Another spring.
Sara: Did you know there's a dozen moving parts inside a ticking clock?
Nick: I do now.

Nick: Hmm ... hello, sweetheart.
Sara: End cap?
Nick: Pipe bomb.

Nick: End cap at both ends. Either one could have come in contact with the explosive inside the pipe. I'll swab it see if trace can identify it.

Sara: I will see your end cap and raise you a grommet.
Nick: A grommet? Inside a pipe bomb?
Sara: Not in the bomb, itself, but embedded in the end cap. The wires from the timing device enter the pipe through a hole in the grommet.

Sara:  When the timing device is activated, it sets off an electrical charge that detonates the explosives inside the pipe.
Nick: Yet the grommet's fully intact. How did it survive the blast?
Sara: I don't know, but they always do.
Nick: And just when I thought you knew everything.

Brass: How's the puzzle?
Nick: Hey. Pieces are small, but it's coming together.
Brass: Well, I got a corner piece. The 4-1-1 on Marcie Tobin's husband? Junior foreman on Tobin C &amp; D, Incorporated. The 'C' stands for 'Construction' the 'D' is for 'Demolition.'



Jonathon Claddon: I got to do my job, you got to do your job. So, if this stuff isn't taken down there then we all lose. So, you just make sure that you are in touch with me ...

Nick: Jonathan Claddon?
Jonathon Claddon: Yeah.
Nick: I'm Nick Stokes. This is Sara Sidle. We're with the Vegas Crime Lab. We're here about your wife's car.
Jonathon Claddon: Yeah, she told me you might stop by.
Sara: Mr. Claddon are you a Demolitions expert?
Jonathon Claddon: That's what we do. You must have seen our work on TV. We imploded most of the old strip hotels.
Sara: Do you personally know how to make a bomb?
Jonathon Claddon: It's not hard. Anybody here could show you how.
Nick: So, I take that as a 'yes'?
Jonathon Claddon: If you're implying I had anything to do with all this ... I love my wife.
Sara: Not enough, apparently, to be there for her last night.

Barclay Tobin: Johnny, Reynolds needs help loading the truck.
Jonathon Claddon:  These folks are from the crime lab. They're here about Marcie.
Barclay Tobin: I'd like to talk to them. Alone.
Jonathon Claddon:  Well, let me know if I can help.
Nick: Will do.

Barclay Tobin: Oh. Barclay Tobin. This is my company. Any leads on my daughter's case? At this point, we're still asking questions.
Sara: Can you tell us about your son-in-law?
Barclay Tobin: Well, I got him his first and only job when he married Marcie.
Nick: You, uh ... you don't think too much of him, huh?
Barclay Tobin: Even less these days. Marcie says that he's cheating on her but I don't think he has the stones.

Barclay Tobin: But after last night ... 
Sara: Does Johnny have access to explosives?
Barclay Tobin: All my foremen have access to dynamite.
Sara: Mr. Tobin, do you fingerprint your employees?
Barclay Tobin: Sure do. It's standard for the industry. Just let me know what you need.



Greg: Before you ask that swab of yours, from the end cap ... let's play 'name that chemical compound.' Today's category: 'Explosives.' 30 seconds on the clock. 
Nick: Get ... 

H
|
H - C - ONO -
|
H - C - ONO -
|
H - C -
|
H
Nick:  C-3 ... H-5 ... and three molecules of NO-3... nitroglycerin. The explosive component of dynamite.
Greg: Now, the other component for dynamite is either silica or sawdust. Your sample contains sawdust.
Nick: Thanks, Greg. What'd I win?




Tobin Construction
*Allen, P.
*Barrington, D.
*Claddon, J.
*Elwes, ...
From the above list, SARA selects 'CLADDON, J.')



Nick: Hey.
Sara: Hey.
Nick: Well, you look ... 
Sara: Happy?
Nick: Smug, actually.
Sara: I got a perfect print off the end cap. Husband.
Nick: Nice. I got the type of explosive used in the pipe bomb. Dynamite -- nitro and sawdust. The same kind used at Tobin C &amp; D.


Jonathon Claddon: You found the end cap? That's not easy.
Nick: Hey, if I were you I'd worry about my fingerprint. How'd it get there?
Jonathon Claddon: My father-in-law's company is the largest purchaser of end caps in Nevada. I log inventory.
Brass: Well, speaking of inventory, I checked the books. As you know, per the ATF every stick of dynamite is catalogued. You logged-out a case of 24. When the demolition project was postponed you returned the case ... one stick short.
Jonathon Claddon: It was stolen. Look, I'm the one who reported the theft. I kept the dynamite in my SUV, inside a storage magazine.
Nick: So, you're telling us someone broke into your vehicle and stole a single stick of dynamite?
Jonathon Claddon: Yes.

Brass: Tell about your girlfriend.
Jonathon Claddon: Is that what Mr. Tobin told you? Marcie's the best thing that ever happened to me. Plus, I've got an ulcer. Do you have any idea what an affair would do to me? I work my butt off for her old man. I barely have enough time to sleep let alone Romeo some other girl. And the truth is, nothing I ever do is good enough. Tobin wouldn't even let Marcie take my name.
Brass: Cry me a river, Johnny.
Jonathon Claddon: You're looking at the wrong guy.
Brass: Then point us in the right direction.
Jonathon Claddon: Marcie handles the payroll and she has a rep for shortchanging overtime. Talk about pissing people off. Any one of those guys could have put that bomb in her car.
Sara: Why didn't you tell us this before?
Jonathon Claddon: Because it's not her fault. She's just doing what her father tells her.



Catherine: Debbie Stein?
Debbie Stein: Yes.
Catherine: I'm here for your shoes.




Warrick: Phew. Eau de cat.

Catherine: Eau de match.


;




Debbie Stein: She was a pig. Her house stunk. She didn't belong in the neighborhood.
Grissom: So, I guess it's safe to say you weren't friends? Why were you in her house?
Debbie Stein: I wanted to give her a chance to find homes for her cats before I called the Humane Society. To report her. By law, you can only own three.
Catherine: Well, a witness heard you scream at her.
Debbie Stein: She was irrational. I was angry.
&lt;FLASHBACK&gt;
Debbie Stein: This is disgusting. Nobody lives like this. You've got to get rid of them.
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: These cats are my children, and no one's going to take them away from me.
Debbie Stein: Then you clean up after them. I can smell your house from my kitchen.
&lt;/FLASHBACK&gt;
Grissom: When, exactly, did you confront Mrs. Elliot?
Debbie Stein: I don't know. Maybe ... six days ago. Before my trip to L.A. I went to visit my sister. Look, if you have any other questions, I want a lawyer.
Catherine: You're free to go.

Catherine: Well, she had an answer for everything.
Grissom: You know, according to Mark Twain the most striking difference 'between a cat and a lie is that a cat only has nine lives'.
Catherine: What are you saying? That she's lying?
Grissom: Unless her alibi checks out.



Nick: Bomber fastened the cap to the pipe leaving behind tool marks. Check it out.
Sara: What kind of tool leaves evenly-spaced vertical striations?
Nick: A vice grip.

Sara: A vice grip?
Nick: Yeah. Let's get a warrant for Johnny Claddon's home and for Tobin C &amp; D.



Warrick: Hey, guys.

Catherine: Hey!
Warrick: Talked with O'Riley. The neighbor's alibi does check out. She was at her sister's in L.A. During the time of the murder.
Catherine: Well, there goes our only suspect.
Warrick: Not so fast. I got another one. We have a match on that print that we found on the wall safe.
Catherine: Right!
Work Location: Tangiers Age: 45 years
Warrick: Yeah. He has a non-gaming work card. He's 45 years old. He was an electrician at the Tangiers from '97 to '99. His name is Tyler Elliot.
Catherine: That's the same last name as the vic.
Warrick: Victim's son. Only child.


Tyler Elliot: I wasn't skipping town.
Sgt. O'Riley: That why you had a duffel bag in the back seat?
Tyler Elliot: I was going camping out at Red Rock. And suddenly, these cops pull me over. They take me into custody. My car's still up there.
Grissom: Your mother died and you never claimed the body. How come?
Tyler Elliot: Funerals are expensive. I'm broke.
Sgt. O'Riley: Records show he filed for bankruptcy last month.
Tyler Elliot: I figured ... let the county pick up the tab. No one was going to show up anyway. It's not like we were close.
Sgt. O'Riley: So, how often did you see her?
Tyler Elliot: Twice a month. Went over, made sure her bills got paid. Brought her medication. Stocked the fridge. All the stuff any good son is supposed to do.
Catherine: Mr. Elliot, we found your mother's safe. It was busted open and your prints were all over it.

Sgt. O'Riley: Something funny?
Tyler Elliot: About a month ago, she called me up -- middle of the night -- hysterical. Her precious tabby was locked inside. She couldn't remember the combo.

Tyler Elliot: I didn't steal her money. She didn't have any. The only thing she owned was the house. And she left that to some damn cat sanctuary.
Grissom: And so ... that's it?
Tyler Elliot: I'm flat broke and she gives her house to complete strangers. Can, uh ... can somebody drive me back to my car, if we're done?



Marcie Tobin: You know, since my car blew up everybody is in my business. All of a sudden, everybody has something to say. You know, an opinion, a theory. My life is an open book and my father wants me to hire a bodyguard. For what? To protect me From who? You know what I think? Someone put the bomb in the wrong car. I think they confused our house with somebody else's because stranger things have happened.
Sara: Marcie?
Marcie Tobin: Yeah. Sorry.
Sara: Maybe we should talk alone.
Marcie Tobin: Uh, we don't have any secrets.
Sara: Okay. Listen - about your marriage -- your father said ...
Marcie Tobin: ... oh, my god. My father shouldn't have said anything.
Jonathon Claddon: Your father ran his mouth about our personal life?
Marcie Tobin: Johnny, you know what? I, um ... a couple of weeks ago I thought that maybe Johnny was fooling around just because he was never home ... 
Jonathon Claddon: I was working.
Marcie Tobin: And never interested ...
Jonathon Claddon: Marcie, we talked about this. You know the pressure your father has me under.
Marcie Tobin: I know. I know.
Jonathon Claddon: It's not fair.
Marcie Tobin: And you know what? You shouldn't put too much stock in this because every couple has their problems. 
Jonathon Claddon: Marcie and I have had enough. That's it. Now, you have your warrant, fine. But please no more questions.

Marcie Tobin: Just take what you need.



Sara: Hey. You got a head start.
Nick: Yeah, didn't even have to wait for my warrant. I just rolled over to Tobin C &amp; D and before I could say 'vice grip' the senior foreman gave me every grip in the house.
Nick: Bad news, though. No matches.
Sara: Ah! One more vice grip compliments of the Tobin/Claddon household.

Sara: Aw ... teeth aren't even the same size.
Nick: No. And we're out of vice grips. 
Sara: We're out of luck.
Nick: Let's unwrap the Beemer.



Nick: You know, when I was 16, I begged my mom for a car. Swore she'd come through.
Sara: What happened?
Nick: Encyclopedia Britannica.

Nick: All 24 volumes. Still own them, still use them. Okay.


Nick: Mechanic found the bomb next to the engine mount closest point to the driver. Bomb was on a delay. Clock with a ticking second hand and a nail driven into '12.'

Sara: That means the bomb was triggered 60 seconds before detonation, one rotation of the second hand.
Nick: Question is, what started the clock?

Sara: Something Marcie Tobin touched inside the car?


Sara: Ignition, door locks window, radio, A/C ... turning signals, hazard lights ... 
Nick: Yeah, but we're only dealing with a 60-second time frame.
Sara: Okay, she pulls into the lot, she gets out of the car, and she asks for help.
Nick: Mechanic offers to take a look.
Sara: So, she pops the hood for him.
Nick: Hood release.

Nick: Whoa. The latch has been blown apart. Which means the hood was down when the bomb was detonated.

Sara: How is that possible? The mechanic saw the bomb.
Nick: X-ray vision? 
Sara: Okay, maybe he took one look at it, and he slammed the hood.
Nick: Sara, if you found a bomb in your car would you close the hood?
Sara: No, I would back away fast. Um... maybe the hood dropped?
Nick: No way. BMW has built-in hood shocks.
Sara: Liar, liar, car on fire.



Greg: I could have been a rock star.
Grissom: There's still time, Greg. Tell us about the foreign substance we found in the vic's wound track.

Greg: Uh, well, I like to rub it all over a lady's body. Even better ... I, uh ... like it when she rubs it all over me. And it's also used as a stool softener.
Catherine: It's also the only open lead in our case. Spit it out, Greg.
Greg: Mineral oil.
Grissom: Possibly used as a preservative to prevent rusting of high-carbon steel.
Catherine: Like the blades of knives.
Greg: Old knives. New ones are made from stainless steel. Yeah, I'm like a sponge. I just absorb information.
Grissom: I thought that was my line.
Greg: Yeah, and I absorbed it.
Catherine:  Okay, so ... knives, screwdriver, ice pick, letter opener. We're looking for a weapon with a splash of mineral oil. I'll grab the A.L.S.
Greg: An A.L.S. For mineral oil?
Grissom: Mineral oil fluoresces at 525 nanometers when filtered through a kv590. A little more absorbing ... a little less rock and roll.










Catherine: Now what?

Catherine: I thought animal control rounded up all the cats.

Catherine: Where are you going?
Grissom: Following the evidence.





Jessica Trent: Wait. 
 
Jessica Trent: Rascal. Hi. How'd you get out?

Catherine: Hi. Girls.
Jessica Trent: Say Hi, Rascal.

Catherine: Hi, Rascal.

Grissom: Excuse me, uh ... may I hold your cat?
Jessica Trent: No. He doesn't like you.

Janet Trent: Girls, dinner.
Jackie Trent: Doesn't she see we're playing? 
Jessica Trent: Just ignore her.
Janet Trent: Girls. I see you've met rascal.
Grissom: Mrs. Trent, I noticed this cat has a sore on its leg. I'd be happy to swab it for you. Might need medical attention.
Jessica Trent: No.
Janet Trent: I don't think that that's really necessary. It's just a cut; it'll heal.
Grissom: But I mean, for your daughter's sake, wouldn't you rather be safe than sorry?
Jessica Trent: I think it's time to go inside.
Janet Trent: Uh, Jessica ... I-I think he might have a point.
Jessica Trent: I want her to do it.

Catherine: Okay. Rascal.

Catherine: All righty. Thank you.
Janet Trent: Okay, girls, go wash up.
Jessica Trent: Come on, Jackie, let's go.

Janet Trent: Kids these days, they just don't listen.
Catherine: Two against one.
Janet Trent: Thank you. See you later.

Grissom: One thing about my mother even though she was deaf, she was always the boss.
Catherine: Huh. Well ... single mom ... juggling a job, a boyfriend. It's just easier to say yes than no and then eventually, they just keep asking for permission. You want to tell me why I swabbed their cat?
Grissom: That cat has an open sore and a missing patch of fur -- both indicative of possible staph infection.
Catherine: And we know that our victim had a staph infection.
Grissom: Staphylococcus bacteria can jump the species barrier -- be passed from human to animal.


Marcus Remmick:  Guess I must have shut it, then. I wasn't thinking; I was reacting, you know? No harm, no foul.
Nick: No prints.
Marcus Remmick: Come again?
Nick: Well, if you were pawing all over the hood then your prints should be on it.
Sara: And they're not.
Marcus Remmick: I wear gloves.
Sara: You're not wearing them now.
Marcus Remmick: I wear them most of the time.
Sara: Mind if we take a look around the garage?
Marcus Remmick: Knock yourselves out.

Nick: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Sara: Mechanics use vice grips?

Nick: You got any clay?
Sara: No.
Nick: Well... we can't just take the tool without a warrant.

Sara: But ... we can improvise. Trash is trash.
Nick: Cheese. Nice.

Nick: I'll compare this with our case toolmark.

Marcus Remmick: You guys having fun?
Nick: A blast. Hey, man ... these yours?
Marcus Remmick: Don't use vice grips -- pipe wrench has a better feel. Must belong to one of my mechanics.
Sara: Thanks ... I'll take the prints on those.

Nick: Boy, you just have an answer for everything, don't you?
Marcus Remmick: Yeah, I guess I do.


Nick: Striae are identical. Auto body vice grip was definitely used to tighten the end cap. Mechanic's prints on file?
Sara: Marcus Remmick. Arrested for fraud in 1994. He was selling used parts as new. Prints are in AFIS, but they don't match the vice grip. And, in fact, AFIS drew a blank.
Nick: Hmmm. Then what are you running?
Sara: I'm running a Tobin C&amp;D database.
Nick: Oh. Shot in the dark.


Sara: Even a shot in the dark hits sometimes.


Marcie Tobin: Why would I put a bomb in my car?
Sara: Not only did you put a bomb in your car -- you made it yourself.
Marcie Tobin: Why would I do that?
Brass: The business registration shows that you own 25% of your father's company. So Nevada's a community property State-- you divorce Johnny he becomes a part-owner of Tobin Construction. That wouldn't sit too well with dad, would it?
Sara: But if Johnny goes down for attempted murder, he goes to jail and you get to keep everything, because a criminal can't benefit from his own malfeasance.
Marcie Tobin: This is absurd. 

Brass: You know, for your information, um ... your mechanic friend lawyered up. Guys with records roll fast.
Marcie Tobin: He's not my friend.
Nick: Really? Because we found your prints on a tool at the body shop. It was the same tool we know was used to make the pipe bomb.
Brass:  Sit down.

Sara: You and Marcus tag-teamed us. You never popped the hood; he never shut it-- it was latched.
Nick: Fortunately for you, you only worked Thursday nights, because your little plan took a lot of extra time and effort.

Nick:  You snagged a stick of dynamite out of Johnny's SUV, took an end cap out of inventory, knowing we'd trace it back to Johnny if we found it. And then at the body shop, you put it all together.
Marcie Tobin: So what if I made a bomb? That's not a crime.
Nick: Really? You sure about that?


Marcus Remmick: Ready.

Marcie Tobin: 60 seconds.


Brass: You used to own a '92 volvo. I ran your credit card. You owe $20,000 in auto body repairs. Your dad kicked in $30,000. I ran his credit card, too. That's 50 g's for a leaky transmission.
Nick: You needed Marcus' help to wire the bomb and substantiate your story. So the two of you paid him $50,000 for services rendered.
Marcie Tobin: Look, I'm fine, and my husband is fine, and it was my car that exploded so does this ... really need to go any further?
Brass: Ma'am, you and your father conspired to frame your husband for attempted murder.
Nick: So, you're both looking at, what, uh ... twenty-plus.
Sara: Oh, and Johnny's getting a promotion.

 

Grissom: Girl's cat ... positive for staphylococcus.
Catherine: You know, I spoke with Janet Trent. She and her daughters are all healthy.
Grissom: Could their cat have been infected by Mrs. Elliot? Could rascal have been her cat at one time?
Catherine: What, and she ... gave it to the girls?
Grissom: No.
Catherine: So if it was hers, and she... didn't give it away ... 
Grissom: Maybe someone in the Trent house adopted it.



Catherine: We know that Mrs. Elliot was killed by this pen. Can one of you tell me what happened?
Child Advocate: Girls, do you understand what Ms. Willows is asking you?

Jackie Trent: I'll tell.
Jessica Trent: No. You promised.
Catherine: Jessica, in this room, the only promise you make is to tell the truth.
Jessica Trent: She didn't mean to do it. I'm sure she didn't.
Catherine: Who?

Jessica Trent: Mommy.

Catherine: What did your mother do?
Jessica Trent: Mrs. Elliot should have just given us the cat.
&lt;FLASHBACK&gt;
Janet Trent: He's always at our house. Rascal likes it there.
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: I won't give them away.
Janet Trent: Look, then I'll pay you for him.
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: I'm sorry. Every child should have a cat but these are mine.
Janet Trent: Just give me ...
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: Oh!
Janet Trent: Girls, take the cat and run. Go. Go.
Mrs. Ruth Elliot:  No! Please... no!
&lt;/FLASHBACK&gt;
Jessica Trent: So then we ran, and that's when we heard the old lady scream.
Catherine: Jackie?

Catherine: Girls, do you ... know about fingerprints? When you ... touch something -- like this floaty pen, for instance -- you leave behind an invisible mark that's special, that's yours. I have a way to ... see these invisible marks. And we found these fingerprints on the pen. And they don't belong to an adult.

Jackie Trent: They're not mine.
Jessica Trent: Tattletales burn in hell.

Jessica Trent: The old lady should have just given me the cat. I lied before. She wasn't nice. She was mean.
&lt;FLASHBACK&gt;
Jessica Trent: My mom said we can keep him. Please?
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: These are my babies. I don't give them away.
Jessica Trent: But you have so many. We don't have even one.
Mrs. Ruth Elliot: I'm sorry.

Jessica Trent: Run, Jackie!

Mrs. Ruth Elliot: I'll tell your mother!
Jessica Trent: You won't!

&lt;/FLASHBACK&gt;

Grissom: Did you know?
Janet Trent:  I told the girls that they could have a cat if Mrs. Elliot gave them one. I knew she never would. That's why I made the promise.
Jessica Trent: No, I need mommy.  Mommy. I want my mommy! No!
Jackie Trent: Jessica!
Jessica Trent: Please ... mommy ...

Jessica Trent:  Mommy ...
