



'AUGIE HEITZ Realtor
 555-0111
Another fine home brought to you by Augie Heitz')

Janine Wood: Wow, I love it already. I can't believe you're doing this. 

Janine Wood: Is that the lockbox?
Peter Berglund: Realtor gave me the combination. He's doing a walk-through in Seven Hills. 

Peter Berglund: Owners are out.


Janine Wood: Wow.

Peter Berglund: Wait till you see the master.



Janine Wood: Oh, my god. This is gorgeous. Wow. Amazing.

Janine Wood: What?
Peter Berglund: Want to snoop around?











Peter Berglund: Hey.

Peter Berglund: What do you think?
Janine Wood: I don't know, yeah. 
Peter Berglund: It's nice? 
Janine Wood: Looks good.

Janine Wood: Cut it out. No, Seriously, I think I hear a car.
Peter Berglund: Will you relax?
Janine Wood: No, really.
Peter Berglund: You're paranoid.



Janine Wood:  Ooh, my god. I could get used to this place.

Peter Berglund: I bet you could.
Janine Wood: I could. You're an animal.
Peter Berglund: The backyard is the best part of the house.
Janine Wood: Really? Is there a jacuzzi?



Janine Wood: Oh, my god. Looks like something out of a magazine.






Brass: Cal and Monica Newman. Owners of the house. My guess, second marriage.
Catherine: 'Cause she's a babe and he's ...
Brass: He's, uhm ... got a good sense of humor.

Catherine: .380 auto caliber.

Grissom: Gunshot, right temple. Women don't shoot themselves in the head, do they, Catherine?
Catherine: Well, gunshots do a number of your face, so typically, women prefer pills.
Brass: So what are we calling this, murder, suicide, what?
Grissom: Is the husband around?

Brass: No.
Catherine: Well, you do the math: Dead female spouse plus missing husband ... equals murder.





Nick: Okay, Warrick, hit it.

Nick: White female, multiple bruising ... bullet hole to the temple doesn't help. .380 auto on the side.
Warrick: Yeah, somebody man-handled her pretty good before they killed her.
Nick: Hmm ..



Brass: Reminds me of my daughter. She used throw butts out the window, too.
Grissom: The Newmans have kids?

Brass: A kid. Son, 15, Max Newman. He's M.I.A. like the father. The secretary said he went out for lunch and never came back. I checked the garage -- three cars. None of the hoods are hot.

Grissom: We're missing something.



Augie Heitz: Grissom. A Mr. Grissom. Where would I find Mr. Grissom? 

Augie Heitz: Great, great. Thank you very much.

Augie Heitz: Mr. Grissom? Hi, I'm Augie Heitz. This is my listing. Someone died, I know. It's a terrible thing. But you got people knocking down awnings stomping through the flower beds. How am I supposed to sell this house?
Grissom: You're not. It's a crime scene. 
Brass: Mr. Heitz, you're Mr. Newman's realtor. Have you seen your client lately?
Augie Heitz: What, you kidding? I mean, this is actually the beauty of the service I provide. My clients never have to see me. They don't even have to be home when I show their house.
Brass: You always give out the combination to your lockboxes? It's illegal.
Augie Heitz: It's a hot market. Um ... you know, I had a fish on the line. Potential bidding war. Look ...  I only give out the combination to people that I really trust.



Catherine: All right, look, I read rooms for a living. That closet was tossed. The carpet lit up. So I'm going to ask you again. What were you doing in there besides copulating?
Peter Berglund: It was my idea.
Catherine: Right. Well, we found this laptop on the vanity still on. You didn't play with it, too, did you?



Nick: Hey, Warrick.

Warrick: Yeah.
Nick: Check this out.

Nick: It's a little thin for blood, isn't it?
Warrick: Yeah.

Nick: What do you ...?

Warrick: Tastes like sugar.
Grissom: Erythrosine. 

Grissom: Red dye number three. 
Nick: Hummingbirds do love the color red.
Warrick: You've been watching way too much Discovery Channel.  This guy needs a girl. 

Warrick: I'm going to check out the cabana.

Nick: No visible footprints.
Grissom: Doesn't mean someone wasn't out here. Grab the ALS.
Nick: Yeah.

Sara: Hey. NICK: Sara. 
Sara:  I am so sorry.

Grissom: I paged you two hours ago. SARA: Right. Uh, it's my day off. I was up in Pahrump at some vineyard. You told me to get a life, remember?

Grissom: Did I? 

Grissom: I'm sorry, but I needed you. Dispatch called in a 419 at Tuscadero High School. You're on your own.

Sara: On my own?

Grissom: Solo.

Sara: See you around.

Nick:  Solo? 

Nick:  So does this mean when I come in on my day off I get to work solo?

Grissom: Process.

Nick: Whoa. I got what looks like two sets of prints. Ballpark in a size ten from the house. And what looks like a ... size 12, possibly from the pool.

Nick: There were definitely two guys here, Griss.
Grissom: Now we just need to figure out if one of them was Mr. Newman.

Warrick: Hey, fellas. Looks like the husband pulled a Clark Kent and left all his clothes behind. Couldn't have gone far. I got his wallet, credit card and keys.

Warrick: You hear that? What is that?

Nick:  Oh, yeah, it's the pool. It's been doing it all night. 
Warrick: Sounds like it's clogged.

Grissom: Did someone check this pool?
Nick: First officer said it was clear.

Grissom: Does that pool look clear to you?

Nick: Uh ... no.

Grissom: One of you guys is going in.





Nick:  I'll go in the pool.




Nick: Oh, man! Male D.B.



Lockwood: You have dinner yet? SARA: Yeah. Why? LOCKWOOD: You might be seeing it again. 
Lockwood: Mandy Kirk. Seventeen.
Sara: Seventeen.
Lockwood: Senior. Janitor found her.
Sara: Hi, David.
David Phillips: Hey.

Sara: Eviscerated.
Lockwood: Maybe a wild animal? They picked up a mountain lion last week in Henderson.
David Phillips: Suburbs are encroaching on the hinterlands. We'll know more after the autopsy.
Sara: It's a cheerleader.

Sara: She had to have good lungs. How come nobody heard her scream?


David Phillips: Didn't have to do much of a 'Y.' Attack did it for me.
Sara: Died of exsanguination.
David Phillips: Bled out. Trauma to her internal organs. Spleen, liver, heart they all sustained multiple mastications.
Sara: Hmm. You able to isolate the species?
David Phillip: From the tooth mark on her left ninth rib. 


Sara: Dog maybe? Teeth marks are too small for a mountain cat.
David Phillips: They're human.

Sara: You're lying.

David Phillips: You can see the bridgework on this impression of a premolar and an adjoining molar.
Sara: Can you tell how old the attacker is?
David Phillips: Well, I can't give you the exact age but wisdom teeth erupt between 15 and 30. And there's no evidence of a wisdom molar on this impression.
Sara: Thanks.

David Phillips: Oh, one more thing. I found an infection in the mucus overlying the large intestine. This girl suffered from the e-coli bacteria.
Sara: E-coli? Unsanitary conditions?
David Phillips: Or a bad burger.
Sara: So whoever did this to her also has e-coli.
David Phillips: Oh, yeah. Spiked temp, vomiting, lower GI problems, the works.
Sara: Smoking gun.










Nick: I mean, I don't get it. She's not even slated to work. She comes in on her day off and she gets to work solo.
Warrick: You still harping on the solo thing? You know every time you work with me you learn something.

Nick: Is that right?

Warrick: Yes.



Max Newman: I live here. Why can't I go in? I want to see my father.
Jeri Newman: I'm Cal's ex-wife, Jeri Newman, and this is our son Max. We have the right to an answer.
Catherine: And we have a right to protect the crime scene.
Jeri Newman: What's going on?
Catherine: I can't tell you anything until I get all the details. I'm sorry.
Officer:  Catherine? Can I have a moment please?

Officer: We need someone to identify the body.

Catherine: Ms. Newman. Would you come with me, please?
Max Newman: What about me?

Jeri Newman: Uh, no, honey. You stay right here.



Grissom: No skin separation. Minimal gaseous buildup. This guy's been in here under 12 hours. 
Brass: According to his office, he left work at 1:00. It's about right. 

Brass: What is that, some kind of filter?
Grissom: It's an anti-vortex filter.
Brass: Hey, I'm from Jersey, we swim at the shore.
Grissom: It's designed to keep his hand out of that pipe. But it's missing a few screws.

Catherine: Ms. Newman, is this your ex-husband?

Jeri Newman: It's Cal.





Catherine: Virtual tour. Right on, Archie. Before and after photos of the crime scene.

Archie Johnson: : Thank you, thank you very much.  It was on the hard drive of the computer you got at the crime scene. Looks like a Peter Croft sculpture.
Catherine: You know your art. You a collector?
Archie Johnson: What? On my salary? Guggenheim's as close as I get to something like that.
Catherine: Oh, I haven't been yet.
Archie Johnson: Really? Well, if you want a tour, I know a docent.
Catherine: A docent. So, you think that's legit?
Archie Johnson: House like this, probably not a knock-off.
Catherine: You'd be surprised. The rich go cheap to stay rich, you know what I mean?
Archie Johnson: Yeah. Let me show you the 'after' photos.
Catherine: Please.
Archie Johnson: Same spot.
Catherine: And, uh, what happened to the sculpture?
Archie Johnson: Good question.
Catherine: You saying somebody lifted it?
Archie Johnson: Well, they don't call them open houses for nothing.
Catherine: Put your house on the market your privacy's up for grabs, too.
Archie Johnson: The Newmans unlocked their door to anybody with internet access.


Sara: Soccer bunnies? What are soccer bunnies?
Lockwood: Well, each cheerleader is assigned a soccer player.  She's his bunny. Gives him gifts the night before the big game places his wake-up call.
Sara: Sounds sexual.
Lockwood: Yeah, that's what I asked the principal but he said no. He said that, uh it's all good, clean fun.  Gifts are inspirational videos like, uh, Rocky and wake-up calls are pep talks, nothing more.

Sara: Yeah, well, I'm not sure the principal's up to speed on teenagers' sexual habits.
Lockwood: Yeah, well, victim Mandy was soccer bunny to a Chuck Darwell. And when I called him on his cell this morning he said that he hooked up with Mandy after every game except last night. 


Lockwood: Said he hadn't seen her last night.
Sara: He in class?
Lockwood: Hospital. Got rushed there two minutes ago.
Sara: I bet I know why.


Robbins: No surprise here. He drowned.
Grissom: We found his right hand caught in a pool filter.
Robbins: Lack of bruising, no bleeding wounds. Indicates his circulatory system had stopped. This was postmortem.

Grissom: Any significance to the marks on his chest?
Robbins: Uh, don't know. Not a rash. Some kind of abrasion. Maybe even a friction burn. Definitely peri-mortem. X-rays reveal several broken ribs and he's got a bruise on his forehead. He could have taken a bad fall.
Grissom: Or he could have been beaten.
Robbins: Maybe.
Grissom: How about the new wife?

Robbins: No physical findings for sexual assault though I did send a kit to DNA. Looks like cause of death was a single gunshot to the head. I'll know more later.
Grissom: You always tell me that.
Robbins: Yes, I do. Depth of bruising gives us a timeline. Apparent thumbprint on her neck came first the, uh, prints on her hands second. Major impression on top. It's some kind of recoil bruise on her palm.
Grissom: She didn't shoot herself. 

Grissom: She had help.



Monica Newman:  Of course, no house is complete without a pool. Why live in Vegas if you don't have a pool? 

Monica Newman: Mmm ... water's warm. 

Monica Newman:  You want to come by and take a dip?

Catherine: Quite the saleswoman. 
Monica Newman: Come on, take a ... 
Monica Newman: It's got to be a fantasy of yours, huh?
Archie: Huh, double feature.

Monica Newman: You know you want this.

Nick: Blam.
Archie Johnson: You can say that again.
Nick: Blam.
Catherine: Down, boys.

Monica Newman: I probably should even be saying this, but, uh ... s*x is on my mind all the time.
Catherine: Hey, Archie, freeze it.

Monica Newman: And, uh ...

Catherine: Who's that in the background?
Nick: Hmm? Oh, that guy in the mirror. Good. Archie, help us out.
Archie Johnson: Yup, I got him.

Nick: Nice.
Brass: This is the realtor. I just did a background check on that guy. Half a dozen robberies in the houses he has listed. Art, antiques, stuff like that.
Catherine: Like the Peter Croft sculpture.
Brass: Exactly.
Nick: Looks like Augie was helping himself to a little bit more than the artwork.


Sara: I understand, Mr. Darwell. Have your son's wisdom teeth come in yet?
Mr. Darwell: What?
Lockwood: Whoever killed Amanda Kirk ingested her organs, Mr. Darwell. Left teeth marks.

Sara: Excuse me.

Sara: Hi, uh, Chuck, I'm with the crime lab. I'm going to ask you to show me your back teeth. Give us an odontological impression.
Chuck Darwell: I didn't see Mandy last night, I swear.
Mr. Darwell: You have no legal right to question or to touch my son. I want you out of here. Now.

Lockwood: Is that stomach contents?
Nurse: That's right, officer.

Lockwood: Anything he throws up no longer belongs to him. PD, public domain.

Sara: It's going to tell us everything we need to know.



Augie Heitz: Look, anyone could have lifted that Peter Croft. I thought this was about murder.
Catherine: Oh, it is. 
Augie Heitz: Excuse me.  I'm sorry, where were we? BRASS: The tape. It wasn't anybody's face on that tape, it was your face. 
Augie Heitz: I recorded their house for the virtual tour. That's what I do to sell houses.
Brass: Selling house as a front for porno a little blackmail on the side.
Augie Heitz: What are you talking about? I have done nothing wrong.
Catherine: Oh, you're innocent in all this?
Augie Heitz: I admit to having lust in my heart.
Brass: Lust doesn't live in your heart.
Catherine: I'm going to need that DNA sample.
Augie Heitz: Well, my DNA is your DNA.
Catherine: Great.
Augie Heitz: Look, for what it's worth I can tell you at least one guy other than her husband that saw Monica in the buff on a weekly basis.

Catherine: Say, 'ah.'

Augie Heitz: Ah.


Warrick: You must get a lot of ass on a job like this, huh?
Jack Jarvis : I'm the pool guy, it's one of the perks of the job. One minute I'm scooping leaves the next I'm staring at ...
Warrick: Yeah, I get it. The last time you were there did you happen to see anything out of the ordinary?
Jack Jarvis : What? You mean sexual?
Warrick: Maybe.
Jack Jarvis : No. But, uh ... Newman had a temper. He and his kid Max were always going at it. 

Cal Newman: What are these, huh? Where did you get these?!

Jack Jarvis : I thought the old man was going to beat his ass but ... Newman just screamed some more and took off.
Warrick: You mind if I take a look in your cab?
Jack Jarvis : Sure.

Warrick: Well, that's a coincidence.

Warrick: Newman's anti-vortex filter was missing three screws.
Jack Jarvis : I can explain, okay? I remove them screws from the filter so I'd have an excuse to go back.
Warrick: Oh, you mean, like, a 'leave-behind'?
Jack Jarvis : Yeah, I figured the more I was around ...
Warrick: The more she'd want you.
Jack Jarvis : Oh, yeah.

Warrick: Well, the lab wants more of you, too. We're going to need your fingerprints and a DNA sample.

Jack Jarvis : Take whatever you want, I've got nothing to hide.




Grissom: Anything from the pool?
Nick: Some hairs, may have found a filling.

Nick: Tributlyltin oxide, aluminum sulfate quaternary ammonium. Chemicals in the vic's lungs match the chemicals in the pool water.

Grissom: Anything from his head wound?
Nick: Trace matches the side of the pool. No surprises.

Grissom: Mildew.
Nick: Hmm?
Grissom: Aureobasidium pullulans. One of the very few fungi that can withstand the desert temperature.
Nick: Gives us possible transfer.

Grissom:  Exactly. And here's the basic chemistry of the transfer.

Grissom: Add sugar water spoiled from the heat, ...

Grissom: ... mix in some human biofilm you got yourself an all-you-can-eat mildew buffet.

Grissom: Cal Newman wore size tens. So assuming our killer wore the size twelve ...
Nick: He may have transferred mildew from the pool to the house.

Greg: Normally I don't like to speak ill of the dead but, uh, Mr. Newman's sperm had company. Bad company.

Greg: Look at D-7. Three alleles.
Grissom: Genetics only gives you one from each parent.
Greg: Which can only mean one thing -- menage d'allele.

Nick: She was cheating on her husband.
Grissom: What about stutter?

Greg: Percentage is too high. We're looking at a minor and a major sample.
Grissom: Minor donor?
Greg: The husband.
Grissom: Major donor?
Nick: Pool man.
Greg: Nope.

Nick: The realtor?
Greg: Ibid. Major donor is still unaccounted for.


;




Warrick: How's it coming?
Nick: Good. I'm almost there. Hang on.

Warrick: Sometime this year.

Nick: Okay, I think that's the angle.

Warrick: All right, where do I stand?
Nick: Back up.

Nick: Keep going. Keep going.
Warrick: Big steps? Little steps?

Nick: Big. Keep going. Keep going.
Warrick: I go any further, I'll be in the closet.
Nick: Well, go in the closet.

Warrick: Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Nick: What?

Warrick: How's this?
Nick: What the hell is that?

Warrick: These slime will do anything to sell a house, huh?




Archie Johnson: Sometimes, reflections beget reflections. I figured if I could get a glimpse of the Augie cutout maybe I could get a glimpse of the cameraman.

Archie Johnson: Check out the lamp.


Catherine: Her stepson, Max. Did you get any DNA off the cigarette butts?
Grissom: Yeah, we did. So, let's get Greg to compare the reference sample and see if we found our major donor.



Greg: Driving someone else's porcelain bus?
Sara: Suspect's dinner from last night.
Greg: The coroner left this in your mail slot.

Sara: Can you read it for me? 

Sara: What's this look like, Greg?

Greg: Uh, Caesar salad. 

Greg: Oh, and Pele used an interesting dressing. PCP.

Sara: Angel dust. Hallucinogen.
Greg: Well, it acts like one. But PCP's such a powerful drug it's in a class all its own: Disassociative anesthetic.
Sara: Brain disassociates from the body.
Greg: Yeah, after it takes you through the paces.
Sara: How many milligrams?
Greg: Uh ... twenty. Dude's dose was off the charts. I'm surprised he's still alive. 
Sara: Yeah. Too bad everybody didn't make it.

Sara: Tell me this is raw chicken skin.
Greg: Well, it's raw ... and it's definitely skin.

Jeri Newman: My son was nowhere near that pool. He was at ...
Brass: Oh, no, no, no. Red Rock Canyon. A field trip. Oh, I'm getting that. 

Brass: What I'm not getting is this.

Jeri Newman: Oh, now, this is disgusting. Look, whatever Cal wanted to do behind closed doors, that was his business. This is not for my eyes or for his eyes.

Brass: This is not the first time, is it, Max?


Max Newman: Can I plead the fifth or something?
Catherine: Max, we found two sperm donors on the sample from your stepmother. Your father's and yours.
Jeri Newman: Now I know why you were spending all that time at your father's.

Max Newman: Mom, look, I ...

Max Newman: Mom ... 

Jeri Newman: I don't want to hear a word from you.
Brass: Well, let me lay it out for you.

Brass: So you must've thought you won the lottery. And the only thing standing between you and the winning ticket was your father.

Catherine: What's your shoe size, Max?
Max Newman: Twelve.

Max Newman: This can't be happening.
Monica Newman: Yes, it's happening. Okay, this is a fling. Okay, it's not real. You're confused. You're a kid.

Max Newman: I killed my father for you.


Jeri Newman: That's not possible.
Brass: How come?
Max Newman: Because I can't swim.
Jeri Newman: He's telling the truth. When Max was a child he had this terrible pool accident. He nearly drowned.



Sara: We need that report, ASAP.

Sara: Your temperature is spiking. Of course, you didn't know Mandy had e. coli when you ... ate her, did you?
Chuck Darwell: No, no, I would never do that.
Lockwood: You would on PCP.

Sara: Normal brain, neurons send a message ...

Sara: ... synapses blink on and off. On PCP, synapses never stop firing like ...
 
Sara:  ... your entire brain is on constant DSL. 

Lockwood: You and Mandy were on the soccer field. You were cranked up. SARA: Do you remember anything?


Chuck Darwell: Yeah. But I don't remember killing her. I swear to God.
Sara:  Lieutenant Lockwood's going to arrest you. We'll assign you an advocate.



Grissom: So, how does a kid who can't swim drown his father?
Catherine: The kid didn't do it. Look, we found the father's blood on the underside of the pool ledge.
Grissom: : And his body at the bottom of the pool with abrasions on his chest.

Catherine: So there was a struggle in the water. 

Grissom: With someone who can swim.

Catherine: Right.




Nick:  You cannot be serious!

Warrick: Hey, John McEnroe, where's the game?
Nick: All the prints are accounted for by people who had a reason to be in the Newman house all the way down to the vortex cover. Warrick? 
Warrick: Prints came back to the pool boy.
Nick: Yeah.

Nick: Yeah, so all I've got is an errant blond hair, a tooth filling and some detritus from the bottom of the pool.
Warrick: All right, now, don't get your panties in a bunch.  Uh, so we got the blond hair, the tooth filling ... that's it, huh?
Nick: Yeah. I mean, I did identify some neoprene and it was white.

Warrick: White neoprene.
Nick: Yeah.
Warrick: Like in a wet suit neoprene? 

Warrick: Was the vic a diver?
Nick: Not that I know of. The son can't even swim.
Warrick: Let's think about that. Who wears a white wet suit in a pool?
Nick: Scuba diver. Or a professional.
Warrick: A professional.
Nick: No, I mean like a hired gun professional.
Warrick: Yeah.



Grissom: Tooth hurt?

Grissom: You might, uh, need your filling which we found at the bottom of the Newmans' pool.

The information on the evidence bag reads:
 10-7-02
 N. STOKES
Brass: We also found your fingerprints and your hair.
Peter Berglund: Look, I'm sure you'll find me all over the house. I wanted to buy it. I was everywhere.
Brass: Well, you made sure you were everywhere, too, didn't you?
Peter Berglund: I wanted to thoroughly inspect the property. Caveat emptor, right?
Grissom: Or caveat venditor. Let the seller beware. Your prints came back military. Navy seal.
Peter: Ex-navy seal.
Brass: Oh, yeah, that's right. You rang the bell. You had the physical tools for the training but not the character.
Peter: And if you had anything more than a filling and a piece of neoprene we wouldn't be here.
Grissom: Berglund. That's a Scandinavian name, isn't it?
Peter Berglund: That's what my parents tell me.



Greg: Hey, heard you nailed soccer boy for the murder.
Sara: Not exactly. No match on the bite plate.
Greg: Well, maybe there was someone else with them.
Sara: Someone getting sicker by the minute.


Grissom: Greg.
Greg: Yeah?
Grissom: I need you to take off your shoes and socks.

Greg: See, now we're getting into this whole strip forensics thing and I'm not so sure I can hang with that even if you are my boss.

Grissom: Your mother's maiden name is Hojem, correct? Hojem is Norwegian?
Greg: Yeah. And you know, my grandfather got tossed from Norway for getting my grandmother pregnant before they got married. To this day, he still tells me 'som man reder sa ligger man.'

Greg: 'One must lie in the bed one has made.'
Grissom: That's true. Right foot first, please.

Greg: Now, you're sure you want me to do this? Things could get loud in here.
Grissom: Left foot.

Greg: So you want to tell me why we're doing this? GRISSOM: It's an experiment. 

Grissom: Put these on. Come see me in six hours.


Lockwood: Nicole Exmoor, 18. School nurse said she couldn't stop throwing up. Teacher found her passed out in the locker room.
Sara: She have an explanation?
Lockwood: Said that she ate something that didn't agree with her.


Sara: Nicole, do you know what e. coli is? Your friend Mandy was infected with it. We think we know how you got it. We can test your blood for PCP ...
Nicole Exmoor:  Chuck brought the weed, not me. This guy told him it was a really great high.
Sara: These photographs are ... of Mandy's ribs. We believe these are your teeth marks.

Lockwood: Ms. Sidle can make an impression of your teeth or you can help yourself and explain what happened.
Nicole Exmoor: When Chuck and I went to the field ... we were hooking up ...

Nicole Exmoor:  ... behind Mandy's back. 

Nicole Exmoor: She showed up -- she was like, 'He's my player.'

Mandy Kirk: What the hell are you doing?!
Chuck Darwell: Mandy!

Nicole Exmoor:  I don't know what happened. I started to feel weird like my blood was surging through me.

Nicole Exmoor: It didn't make any sense I think I wanted to be her.

Nicole Exmoor: It felt ... it felt like somebody else walked over and did it. Like she was split from my body.


Sara: It's called psychological detachment. It's a function of PCP.




Nicole Exmoor: It's like out of a really bad dream.
Sara: Nicole, I was at Mandy's autopsy. It was not a dream.

Lockwood: I'm placing you under arrest for the murder of Amanda Kirk.

Nicole Exmoor: What's going to happen to me?
Lockwood: That's up to the D.A.

Sara: Hey, Cyrus, next time somebody says experimenting with drugs is harmless remind me of this.



Greg: What did you do to me?
Grissom: You had a reaction.

Greg: I'm Hazmat meat. Quarantine, here I come.

Grissom: Your right foot, I swabbed with a placebo, regular tap water.
Greg: Yeah, well, I'm not worried about the right foot.

Grissom: Left foot ... eumycotic dermatitis.

Greg: Oh, great. It's probably fatal.
Grissom: It's a mildew-induced skin rash.

Greg: You infected me with mildew?

Grissom: Here. Hydrocortisone. Follow the directions, clear it right up.



Grissom: It's called aureobasidium pullulans.
Peter Berglund: Is that supposed to mean something to me? GRISSOM: It may.
Grissom: This is a warrant.
Peter Berglund: To see my feet?
Grissom: Yes, both of them. Take off your shoes and socks, please. 

Grissom: Aureobasidium pullulans is a mildew. We found it around the Newmans' pool. It induces rashes in people of Scandinavian descent -- and it does so in a predictable progression which provides us with a valuable timeline.

Grissom: You have the rash.

Grissom: And size 12 feet.

Grissom: Let me tell you how you did this.



Grissom: ... and then you went upstairs.

Monica Newman: Cal?

Peter Berglund: You're still going to have to convince a jury that I killed two strangers for no reason.

Grissom: You ever been to the theater, Peter? There's a play called Six Degrees of Separation. It's about how all the people in the world are connected to each other by no more than six people. All it takes to connect you to the victims is one degree.


Jeri Newman: Peter Berglund? No, I don't recall ever having met somebody by that name. 
Catherine: Well, do you recall living in San Diego?
Jeri Newman: What does that have to do with anything?
Catherine: Oh, it just might help jog your memory. San Diego's a military town. Your sister married a guy in the navy, right?
Jeri Newman: Did you really bring me in here just for this?
Catherine: Well, we could go someplace else if you'd like. 

Catherine: How about your house? It's up for sale.
Jeri Newman: What's this?
Catherine: Well, you see, we didn't have enough evidence at this point to get a warrant, but you put your house on the internet. I didn't need a warrant. Gave me complete access via this virtual tour. And all with your permission.

Catherine: That's you ... that's Peter Berglund ... and that's the Pacific.
Jeri Newman: So what? I know Peter.
Catherine: Yeah. You hired him to kill your ex-husband and his new wife.
Jeri Newman: The picture doesn't prove anything.
Catherine: No, but it did give me access to Peter's financial information. 

Catherine: Loan application. Two signatures -- Peter Berglund and yours. You cosigned for Peter because he couldn't qualify on his own. Payment for the hit. He gets your house you get your ex-husband's money.
Catherine: The thing about murder for hire ... there's always a paper trail.



Sara: Good night.

Grissom: Good night, Sara.

Grissom: Hey. Nice work on the high school case.

Sara: I'm ... uh ... sorry I missed your page.

Sara: It's just, um ... you tell me to get a life and then I get one, and then you expect me to be there at a moment's notice. It's ... um ... confusing.
