





Jimmy's Mom: Jimmy, stop staring.

Det. Cyrus Lockwood:  It's okay, ma'am.





Gunman: Up against the glass, now! GUNMAN: Come on. Let's go. Move it! GUNMAN: Move it! Come on. Let's go!

Gunman:  Let's go. Let's go! Up there!


Gunman: Get near the glass. Don't move!



Gunman:  Lady! One peep, and you die. GUNMAN: The boy, too.


Gunman: Hands on the wall, now! Move it!


Gunman: Move it, let's go! Come on! Come on! Come on!



Gunman: Move! Let's go! Let's go! GUNMAN: Open it!

Gunman: Open it! Open it! GUNMAN: Open it!



Gunman: You! Don't look at me!
Woman:  I have to get out of here!

Gunman: Any one of you moves a muscle, I'll blow you away.
Woman:  Oh, my god!



 



Gunman: Got it! Go! Go! GUNMAN: Let's go!





Gunman: Go! Go! Go!


Catherine:  What a day to come back to work.

Catherine: Coming?



Brass: This crew was in and out. Three, maybe four guys, depending on who you talk to. Detective Lockwood drew his weapon protecting a woman and a child.

Catherine: Wrong place, wrong time.
Brass: There is no right time to kill a cop.

David Phillips: I only see one bullet wound through the back.
Brass: Yeah, witnesses say that he was, uh, taken down with a single shot.

Grissom: Beveled edges on the inside. The shot came from outside. We need to get a picture of this.
Catherine: These guys were pros.  How much did they get?
Brass:  According to the tellers, they weren't interested in money.
Grissom: What were they interested in?

 

Grissom: See the blast marks? Charges were placed in corner quadrants. Four boxes up, five across. The rest looks like collateral damage.
Catherine: Whoever did this knew precisely what they were after.
Grissom: Well, the one good thing about their precision ... it'll narrow our focus.

Sara:  I heard 'officer down.' I didn't know it was Lockwood.
Warrick:  Wonder what he was doing here. He's supposed to be off duty.
Nick: : He was only 34 years old.

Catherine:  All right, good. All here. We've got a lot of work to do.

Catherine: Grissom...

Catherine: Grissom?
Grissom: Sorry. I was thinking.
Catherine: Well, I was thinking that we need to start processing this bank.
Grissom: Right. I'll take the safety deposit boxes. Sara, you're with me.

Nick: Radio car's shot up pretty good. I'll dig around in there.

Warrick:  Take the cameras.

Warrick: They made sure we didn't have eyes.
Catherine: Check the tape anyway.
Brass:  I think we found the getaway vehicle.
Catherine: Where?
Brass: Block from the off-ramp. Coroner's en route.
Catherine: The coroner?
Brass: The driver's dead.



Grissom: Electric blasting cap.

Sara: Brown leg wires feeding into the grommet.
Grissom: Means they could've used C-4.

Grissom: Utah, New Mexico, Colorado, and Arizona.


Sara: Four corners.
Grissom: What does that tell us?
Sara: Whatever they were looking for was definitely in the center.
Grissom: The Monroe Effect: All force generated towards one central area.
Sara: How are we ever going to find out what's missing?

Grissom: I just found the detonator.
Sara: I'll get it fumed.



Catherine: What have you got?
Nick: Radio car traveled about 15 feet after being hit. I followed the leakage back to its original position. Two in the hood, one in the windshield, Lockwood. High power, long range.
Catherine: I'll take any part of that bullet.


Brass: Oh, god.
Catherine: Near decapitation. Wire's still around his neck.
Brass: The driver became a liability after the heist. No honor among thieves, I guess.
Catherine: Tells us something about them.

Driver: Hey, why are we stopping here?

Gunman:  Your job is finished.





Warrick: Lockwood was a good cop. It's too bad.  Grissom, I just talked to Hodges. That black substance from the camera lens? The FTIR spit back magnesium aluminum, silicate, talc, methylparaben, and sunscreen. All of these chemicals are consistent with camouflage cream.
Grissom: Blackface paint.

Warrick: My guess is the same stick they used to cover up that camera lens, they used to paint their faces with. I just found an eyelash in it.



Robbins: Gil. I was just coming to see you.

Robbins: I pulled the bullet from Cyrus Lockwood. Fully intact, well preserved.
Grissom: You didn't have to bring this over. We could've picked it up.
Robbins: I wanted to. Every day I see people I don't know, but I saw a lot of Lockwood, and I did get to know him. I felt like I owed it to him.
Grissom: Thanks, doctor.
Robbins: Yeah.



Grissom: We got a bullet.
Catherine: We got prints. Getaway driver. Larry Whiting. 29.
{PHOTO ON RIGHT)
Employee #: 948249245

Match Found: Larry Whiting
Case ID: 4845-20154
{photo on left}
Larry Whiting
Las Vegas, Nevada
* 10-05-99 Assault
* 11-12-98 Drunk and Disorderly
Served: 12-10-98 till 06-22-00
Catherine: He was convicted of assault and drunk and disorderly five years ago. Did some time.
Grissom: Occupation: Valet at the rampart. Isn't that one of Sam Braun's hotels?
Catherine: Mm-hmm.
Grissom: You have to have a non-gaming work card to park cars at a Vegas casino. How does a guy with a criminal record get one?
Catherine: He doesn't. 
Grissom: Unless he was juiced in by Sam Braun.
Catherine: Well, it is his hotel. It's his call, ultimately.
Grissom: Yeah? Well, it's our case, so it's our call.
Catherine: Mmm.
Grissom: Check it out.

Catherine: I may be compromised. You know I have a personal relationship with the guy.
Grissom: You'll be fine.



Sam Braun: I'm going to have to talk to H.R. about this Larry Whiting. Human resources is never supposed to process anyone with a record.
Catherine: Well, his record caught up with him, Sam. We suspect he was involved in the First Monument Bank robbery. Getaway driver ... except everyone got away but him.
Sam Braun: I have to tell you, Mugs, name doesn't ring a bell.
Catherine:  Sam ... That's like you telling me when I was a kid that you were too tired to drive home every night when you were sleeping with my mother.
Sam Braun: Well, you can't fault a fellow for wanting to be with his two best girls.
Catherine: All right.
Sam Braun: Where is all of this leading?
Catherine: Well, last year, one of your cocktail waitresses is murdered. Still unsolved.
Sam Braun: She worked at another one of my hotels -- the Whiskey Town.
Catherine: And this Whiting guy worked here at the Rampart ... They're both your hotels .... How does that look for business?
Sam Braun: Mugs, I got a P.R. Department that deals with that. When one white tiger killed another one in the secret garden at the Mirage, the P.R. Department had it buried on page 16e, under the car ads, about ... this big.
Catherine: Right. They made it go away.
Sam Braun: Some things are people's business. Some things aren't.
Catherine: Well, this is my business. It's not going to go away.
Sam Braun: Then I'll be rooting for you.


Brass: Las Vegas police. Manager said he lived alone.



Warrick: If this getaway driver's stupid enough to get whacked by his partners, he's stupid enough to leave something behind.
Brass: This whole neighborhood's stupid.
Warrick: Whew. Whew.

Warrick: Sixty grand a year for jockeying cars? I'm in the wrong line of work.
Brass: Well, look on the bright side: You're still alive.

Brass: Bedroom's a bust. What do you got?

Warrick: I got two $5,000 stacks from the rampart.
Brass: Sam Braun's hotel.



Bobby Dawson: Um, Lockwood's bullet on the right, and the cop car bullet ... what's left of that cop car bullet's on the left. Both projectiles with 308s. Consistent with the m1a.
Grissom: Long gun.
Bobby Dawson: Mm-hmm. And long guns are only registered to the person who makes the initial purchase ... and the serial numbers aren't recorded.

Grissom: Impossible to trace, so it's a dead end.
Bobby Dawson: Well, forensically, yeah, but not cognitively. See, shooting someone from long range, and taking out the engine of a radio car while it is hauling ass ... you're looking at one sharp shooter. And that kind of training only comes from ...
Grissom: The military.



Nick:  Thank you!




Lyric: We fall / sign / a sign / we fall / sign / a sign / we fall / sign / a sign / here I lay / our questions answered / fear inside / is truth uncovered / while we fight / shari I ithe e other... 



Catherine: Wow. Almost looks good as new.

Catherine: Kind of.

Sara: This was the epitome of precision. The outer rim of boxes sustained the most damage the intent was not to blow out the 23 surrounding boxes, but to preserve the sanctity of the center box. Box 729? It's history. It's the only thing that's gone.
Catherine: That's the box they were after.

Grissom: And we still don't know what was inside.


;



Catherine:  What is up with the bank manager? We've been waiting forever.

Catherine: Hey.

Catherine:  How long have we known each other?
Grissom: In days, months, or years?
Catherine: I'm serious here.
Catherine:  Can you hear me?

Bank Manager: Sorry I'm late. Been on the phone all night with corporate ... not to mention I had a gun in my face. So, you want to know the lessees of some of our safe deposit boxes?
Catherine: Oh, not some, just one. Box 729.
Bank Manager: Why don't you just hold up a touch? I want to help you, but ... you're going to have to give me a court order.
Catherine: Oh, no worries. 
Address: 2974 Westfall Ave.
Las Vegas, NV 89156
Driver License #: 180063759502
Bank Manager: Box 729 lessee is Benny Murdock.
Catherine: Benny Murdock?

Grissom: You know him?
Catherine: Yeah.

Sam Braun: Benny ...



Sam Braun: He was my first doorman at the whiskey town. A year later, I made him a casino host at pike's gambling hall.

Sam Braun: Within six months, he had all the play at the Tangiers.

Sam Braun: Six months. Became my right arm when we opened the Rampart. I never thought I would outlive him.
Catherine: He died a couple of weeks ago, right?
Sam Braun: Brain aneurism ... you never know when you're going to go. All those memories ...

Sam Braun: Benny, we're going to have a great summer.


Catherine: Did Larry Whiting ... know Benny?
Sam Braun: Everybody who was anybody knew Benny, including you.
Catherine:  Informally.
Sam Braun: Informally enough for him to direct the high-end whales your way when you were dancing.
Catherine:  Ooh ... that is Old Vegas, Sam. Sunset on that time. I hear you and Benny had a little sunset of your own. A falling out about six months ago.
Woman On Intercom: Mr. Braun, it's 'bravado' regarding BJ 19.
Sam Braun: If you will excuse me, I have to take care of that.


Sam Braun:  Yeah?

Sam Braun:  Raise the limit, and change the cards. If he wins three double downs in a row, call me back. We'll send 'Mr. Happy.'

Sam Braun: I'm sorry. Where were we?
Catherine: Benny.
Sam Braun: Sorry. That's off limits ... but I was with him in the hospital when he died. We made our peace, if it's for the record.
Grissom: You wouldn't happen to know what he kept inside his safe deposit box, would you?
Sam Braun: You'll have to ask him.
Catherine: Well, I wish we could.
Sam Braun: If you'll excuse me, someone is robbing me downstairs.



Catherine: You know what 'off the record' means, don't you, Greg?

Greg: Yeah.
Catherine:  Good.



Grissom: Albert, got a minute?
Robbins: Sure. What's up?
Grissom: I'd like a second opinion.



Robbins: Boy, I wish you'd come to me sooner. Your condition's pretty far along. Why did you wait?

Grissom: I hoped it would go away.
Robbins: Doesn't your mother have this condition?
Grissom: Yeah. It's hereditary. I know. I wasn't rational.
Robbins: Look, Gil, I'm not going to preach to you. You came to me, but ... Doctor to Doctor ... there's a chance the bone deposits have spread into the inner ear, in which case, your hearing loss will eventually be permanent. If I were you, I'd schedule surgery as soon as possible.



Greg: You know the eyelash Warrick found embedded in the black greasepaint -- I extracted the DNA, ran it. CODIS gave me a, uh, mongolian beef.

Sara: I'm sorry. What does that mean?
Warrick: That means he got nothing.
Greg: There, try these, big guy. Training wheels.
Warrick: Thanks.
Nick: Hey, guys, guys, let's focus on the robbers.

Catherine: Grissom?

Catherine: What do you think?
Grissom: I think we're giving these guys too much credit. They're experts at robbing banks, not experts at concealing evidence.
Catherine: Well, unless the answer's in that fortune cookie, what's the plan?
Grissom: Do you ever wonder how the fortune gets inside the cookie?

Nick: I know.
Sara:  Of course you do.
Nick: The cookie comes out of a press, like a tortilla, and then some lady puts the fortune in the center of the dough, and then folds the dough around a piece of metal, and then folds it again.
Grissom: That's the answer.



Jacqui Franco: Robert Rubio. Work card. Non-gaming. He's in the hotel business. Rampart. Hey, didn't that other guy work at the ...
Grissom:  Run him through the military database.
Jacqui Franco: Why?
Catherine:  Just run it. After that, give us an address.



Officer: Clear. OFFICER: Clear!

Officer:  It's all clear. There's something burning out back.

Brass: Come on. Let's see what's cooking.

Brass: Whoo!
Catherine: Oh, well, that is... one example of the evince going up in smoke.
Brass: This guy's a piece of work, huh?

Grissom: One of the black coats, you think?

Catherine: Box 729.
Grissom: Fire-resistant.

Catherine: It's some kind of fabric. Silk, maybe. What do you make of that?
Grissom: Out of context, I don't know.

Catherine: Pink panther.
Grissom: Well, Clouseau, how does blood get in a safe deposit box?
Catherine: Maybe has something to do with this fabric.

Brass: Mr. Nine volt, Rob Rubio -- ex-military, security expert. Went to work for casino owner Sam Braun when one of his soft count cronies got caught skimming the skim, so... all roads lead to Rome, except, in this case... the Rampart.






Brass: Triple homicide in the desert.
Grissom: Old-time Vegas. We found Tommy 'the aspirin' out here. Remember him? Used to make his boss' headaches disappear.
Catherine: Until they made him disappear.
Brass: I think this is the origin of the word 'termination.' There's the corporate way, and the way of the gun.

Grissom: High-powered rifle. Close range. Visible gunpowder.

Grissom: This guy got it in the chest, too.

Grissom: And this one took it in the back.


Brass: This one's carrying a glock. Never got a chance to use it.
Catherine: Well, all three were carrying, so they're not tied up, and they're still armed.
Grissom: They didn't fly here. Where's their car?
Catherine: It's not a dump job. Killer drove them here, killed them, and drove away.
Brass: They knew their attacker.

Catherine: Never let a man do a woman's job.
Brass: What do you mean?
Catherine: They didn't get all their makeup off.

Brass: Where's he going 
Catherine: Let's just hope he stops.

Grissom: Look familiar?
Catherine: Bloodstain. Rainbow-colored thread. Safe deposit box. Those guys are definitely the bank robbers.
Brass: Where's the fourth guy?
Grissom: The guy who's rapidly becoming a mass murderer.
Brass: Rob Rubio.



Bobby Dawson: Grissom, hey. 

Bobby Dawson:  Grissom, hey, just tested the bullets from your trio in the desert.
Bobby Dawson:  Same GRCs as the bullet from Lockwood. Fired from the same rifle.

Grissom: Slow down, Bobby.
Bobby Dawson:  I'm sorry. I just got excited. You don't get to see many .30-caliber rounds used in crimes, but, uh ...



Grissom: You rang?
Greg: Uh, yeah. The, uh ... blood flecks from the safe deposit box-- two distinct samples. I only got one hit, though. 

Greg: Uh, the primary sample belongs to Vivian Verona, a cocktail waitress. She was killed on the top floor of the old pike's gambling hall about two years ago. Here's the report.

Grissom: Multiple puncture wounds, different depths, possibly two knives ...
Greg: I've pulled the crime scene photos for you, too. 

Greg: Case still pending. Murder weapon was never found. Now, the secondary blood sample came back N.D. Uh, could be the killer. You always say murder's messy.

Grissom: Greg, your hands are shaking.
Greg: No, they're not.

Grissom: Hold your hands out.

Greg: Uh ... they've been shaking ever since ... 

Greg: I can't really make it stop.
Grissom: Is it affecting your work?
Greg:  Well, if I was a bomb expert, maybe. 

Greg: No, I ... I think I have it under control. 
Grissom: It'll stop. If you need me, I'll be around.
Greg: Okay.






Warrick: I have your scarf back from Sanders.


Grissom: I need you to open this evidence bag and cut me an identical piece of fabric.

Warrick: You want me to replicate the blood pattern?
Grissom: Yeah.



Nick: You guys need a hand?

Grissom: Warrick, hand me those scissors. 

Grissom: Nick, give me that apple.
Nick:  But I didn't get any lunch.
Grissom:  Give me the apple. You're not supposed to eat in here.

Grissom: Two puncture wounds, right?

Grissom: Scissors. That's what was wrapped in the scarf.



Warrick: These don't look like your ordinary household pair.
Nick: No, man, look at the blades. They're almost double the size of the handles.
Warrick: What's the purpose of scissors that long?
Grissom: Murder.

Catherine: I hear scissors, I hear murder. What did I miss?
Grissom: We may have the murder weapon.

Sara: Hey, Vivian Verona worked for Sam Braun -- a cocktail waitress at Pike's Gambling Hall. Murdered the night before it was imploded in a penthouse suite.
Nick: Sounds like somebody wanted her to disappear in the rubble. Bet you Braun hired his own clean-up crew for that one.
Sara: The pyro guys found her on their last walk-through. They assigned a CSI, but the case ran cold before it even got started. There was no suspect and no motive.

Grissom: Warrick, enhance the blade area.
Warrick: Hmm, let me see if I can flip it around so we're not looking at an eye chart.
Grissom: R-p-r-T.
Catherine:  Rampart.



Catherine:  He's not returning any m my phone calls. I just need to confront this Sam Braun business once and for all. I'll drive.
Grissom: I'm not going with you.
Catherine: What do you mean?

Grissom: I'm scheduled for surgery at Desert Palm.

Catherine: Surgery? 

Catherine: Your hearing?
Grissom:  Yep.
Catherine: I'm sorry.
Grissom: I'm not. Has to be done.
Catherine: What can I do?
Grissom: Nothing. I'm fine. Take care of the case.
Catherine: Oh, eh, mm ... that's it?
Grissom: That's it. Um ...  ... good luck.


Brass: You must really like the ham steak at the Primm. One more mile north -- you're gone forever.
Roberto Rubio: They got good ham.
Brass: That's good to know. I'll know what to get you for your last meal ... for killing a cop. You know the rifle we found in your trunk? The bullets match one we pulled out of a friend of mine -- Detective Cyrus Lockwood.
Roberto Rubio: Tough losing one of your own.
Brass: You lost three of yours. Ballistics made a match there, too.

Brass: So, you're ex-military. That why Sam Braun hired you to be head of security at the Rampart?
Roberto Rubio: You asking me, or you telling me?
Brass: I'm telling you. My guess is Sam needed a job done, he came to you.
Roberto Rubio: You know, when I get out of here, I'm going to take pleasure in putting air in your head.
Brass: Let me put a fact in yours. You left a lot of yourself behind, killer.

Brass: So, here's the deal. You give up your boss, you get to spend the rest of your life in a jail cell, not on death row.
Rubio: I'll take death row. I'll live longer.


Catherine: Tangiers, pike's gambling hall ... Where are the Rampart scissors, Sam?

Sam Braun: I think they went to one of those silent auctions. You know, the kind where you put a number down and remain anonymous.
Catherine: Uh-huh. I'm sure they went to a good cause. How much money they make?
Sam Braun: More than I anticipated.

Catherine: I think that we're past playing games, Sam. I need the truth.
Sam Braun: You sure about that?
Catherine: Oh, yeah. Now more than ever.
Sam Braun: Benny killed Vivian. He caught her cheating on him ... with me.

Sam Braun: When I heard he was dying, I went to see him. He told me he killed her with my scissors from a ribbon-cutting ceremony. He always kept the scissors-- had them shadow-boxed for me.

Sam Braun: He stashed them in the safe deposit box.
Catherine: Why would Benny ... do that? Why would Benny ... murder Vivian and then keep the incriminating evidence, not even attempt to wash off the blood?
Sam Braun: You're asking me to answer on his behalf? I don't know. Maybe he was paranoid. Figured you would drag Lake Mead.
Catherine: Let me just get this straight. To protect Benny after he's already dead, you hire Rob Rubio and three cronies to commit Federal Bank Robbery to steal back a pair of scissors?
Sam Braun: They weren't just any pair of scissors ... they were tied to a legacy. If Benny goes down, I go down. Forty years ... building a reputation ...  ... gone. Games are meant to be played downstairs not upstairs ... so I ask Rob to take care of it.
Catherine: We have the safe deposit box in our possession, Sam, along with the bloodstained sash the scissors were wrapped in. We recovered two different blood samples -- one belonging to Vivian, and the other unknown. I guess I didn't have a good enough reason until now, but ... I tested my DNA against the unknown sample.

Catherine: And wouldn't you know ... there were seven alleles in common.

Sam Braun: That supposed to mean something?
Catherine: It means that you and I are biologically related. You killed her, Sam ... and Benny covered for you. 

Catherine: Part of the old double standard. No woman that you're with is ever going to be with another man.

Sam Braun: I swear on your mother ... it didn't happen that way.
Catherine: Oh, now, that holds a lot of weight. To this day my mother still sits at home waiting for your call.

Sam Braun: Do you really think I could murder someone?
Catherine: Science ... tells me that you did. So, yes, I do.  It's just such a lousy way to find out that you're my father.


Nurse: They're preparing the surgery right now, Mr. Grissom. I'll be right back.

Catherine: Hey.

Grissom: What are you doing here?
Catherine: I just wanted to see you. And I didn't want you to go in without wishing you good luck.

Grissom: Thank you ... for being here.

Grissom:  I don't need that.
