









Captain:  Hey, folks, we've hit a little more of that pesky turbulence. If you'd kindly take your seats we should be arriving on the hour.

Jason Banks:  Fasten your seatbelts please.

Harper Fitzgerald: Cheers.



Brass: The victim's name is Lori Hutchins. 

Brass: Apparently, she chaperoned the horse on trips all the time. Baggage handler found the body in the cargo hold after the passengers had disembarked.
Grissom: We're going to need to process everyone on that plane.
Brass: Well, they're being corralled as we speak, partner.
Catherine: Where to start?
Grissom: First witness, first suspect.

Catherine: The horse?

Grissom: Of course.


Catherine: All right, let's talk about Lori Hutchins. What can you tell me about her?
Jason Banks: She was sweet, polite, quiet.
Co-pilot:  Horses were her life. She was great with them.
Catherine: And she always traveled down below with the horse?
Jason Banks: Checked on her twice during the flight. Brought her dinner about three hours in. She was worried about the horse, but that was nothing new.
Catherine: So nothing unusual.
Co-pilot: There was some turbulence, but nothing outrageous.
Captain: We had an emergency call button down there, if something went wrong. Lori never used it.




Nick: Where's the horse?
Grissom: USDA facility. Mandatory 48-hour quarantine.
Nick: A hundred-pound woman trampled by a 1,400-pound horse? Doesn't seem very fair.

Grissom: Tranquilizer dart.
Nick: Changes the odds a little.

Grissom: Mmm.
Nick: Yeah ... heavy artillery.
Grissom: More than one way to handicap a horse.








Nick: What have you got?
Catherine: Trainer had all these small syringes. Why go for the big guns instead?
Nick: Mmm ... I don't know. Maybe she didn't want to get too close to a spooked horse. What about this food?
Catherine: Steward said he brought her some dinner.

Catherine: Guess she wasn't very hungry.
Nick: Looks like someone stepped in horse crap.  And what was the vic wearing?
Catherine: Work boots, I think.
Nick: That's a funky print.

Catherine: Oh ... a J.P. Tod's driving loafer.
Nick: Hmm?
Catherine: I may shop the outlets ... but I read vogue.



Lockwood: This is Death Valley, huh?
Warrick: You get lost out here, you're toast.
Lockwood: That may have been the idea.

Lockwood: Helicopter tour pilot noted it and called it in.
Sara: Deathbed ... casket-ready. Laying in the hell's gate section of death valley.
Warrick: Poetic.
Sara: More like suicidal.

Lockwood: Is that bird crap?

Sara: Could be.

Warrick: Toby Wellstone. Mckinley High School. 12/12/87.

Sara: What's that on his hand?
Warrick: Looks like a transdermal patch. Fetanyl. Pores in the hand make for faster absorption. Intentional overdose.
Lockwood: I'll notify the parents.

Sara: We're 85 miles from Las Vegas, one mile from the closest road. If this was a solo job, how did he get here?

Warrick: I see some tracks over there, but ... they could be from anything: A surveyor's tool ... a remote-controlled car ... 

Sara: Anything with wheels.



Brass: Oh, I'll tell you. Some days, it's tough to be me. You know, I wish that the seats were as organized as that bar. We have the passenger manifest. No assigned seating, 12 passengers 24 shoes, 36 lawyers.
Nick: What was this, a smoking flight?
Brass: Yeah, I think we've established the fact that these people do whatever it is they want.

Nick: Now, please, don't make me ALS.
Catherine: Hey, man, I don't want to go blind any more than you do.

Catherine: Oh ... looky here.  Little DNA party.

Catherine: Ooh. Bloody towels. 
Nick: Well, at least something made it into the trash can.
Merrit: I know it's 48 hours, I know the rules, but I need to see my horse. 
Merrit: I want to talk to Dr. Stevens.
Merrit: He's my vet.
Catherine: Hi, Dr. Stevens.

Catherine: How's she doing?
Dr. Stevens: Shaken up. Horses are incredibly sensitive to change. Travel's hard on them.
Catherine: How about losing a trainer?
Dr. Stevens: Like losing a best friend. I just don't understand how this could've happened.
Grissom: We're going to need to pull some samples from that horse.
Dr. Stevens: Okay.

Catherine: Thank you.

Grissom: This looks recent. What happened here?
Dr. Stevens: High Folly is what we call a 'dirty mare.' Prone to serious uterine infections.

Dr. Stevens: Caslick stitching keeps out fluids and bacteria.
Grissom: So you stitch her up until it's time to breed?
Dr. Stevens: I know it sounds bad, but I promise having an acute infection is worse. And there's no greater tragedy than a champion who can't breed.
Catherine: Is this some kind of food?

Dr. Stevens: I don't know. It could be.
Catherine: We'll need a blood sample. We found a tranquilizer gun in the container. We want to double-check it.
Dr. Stevens: You'd never use a tranq gun on a horse. The impact energy would cause an immediate adrenaline response. Make the horse more agitated.
Catherine: We'll still need that sample.


Sara: Hey. Nobody's here to claim the body?
Warrick: Nope. I don't know what's worse, consoling a grieving parent, or finding a kid with no parents at all.
Sara: No parents?
Warrick: No, this kid has been through seven foster homes in seven years. System lost track of him a year ago.
Sara: Mckinley high school said the same thing. He was out more than he was in. Kid was a ghost.



Robbins: Treated himself to a hamburger with pickles and ketchup, chocolate shake, and what I can only assume was super-size fries.
Sara: So that's what killed him.
Warrick: That's a five-course meal to a teenager.
Robbins: More like a last supper, I'm afraid. He took a synthetic narcotic, fentanyl. By patch and by pill.
Warrick: Yeah, that's a painkiller.
Robbins: Used in hospitals, post-surgery.
Sara: What is ... cisapride?
Robbins: That what separates the attempts from the corpses. It's a prokenetic agent that speeds up the body's absorption of fentanyl and it keeps the stomach acids from going into reflux.

Warrick: No nausea, no vomit.
Sara: No vomit, no chance of survival. Kid did his homework.
Warrick: Permanent solution to a temporary problem.
Robbins: Maybe not so temporary. 80% of all completed suicides have tried previously.

Robbins: From the scarring, I'd say twice before.

Robbins: Third time's the charm.



Nick: Hey, fashionista.

Nick: Brass collected all the shoes. You were right. Not only did we find a match, but I also found trace elements.
Catherine: Equus caballus?
Nick: Horse dung all the way. Brass is bringing her in now.
Catherine: Thanks.



Robbins: Our horse trainer has paramortem bruising and scraping, ranging from minor to major, all consistent with being trampled. What's not consistent is this: Pinpoints.

Grissom: An opiate overdose?
Robbins: Torphine. A thousand times as potent as morphine.
Grissom: Tranquilizer.
Robbins: Mm-hmm. One of the bruises contains a puncture wound about the same size as that dart you found.

Grissom: How do you shoot yourself in the shoulder with a tranquilizer rifle?
Robbins: Someone else shot her.
Grissom: And framed the horse.



Nick: Miss Fitzgerald, your shoe print was found in the cargo hold where Lori Hutchins' body was found.
Harper Fitzgerald: Please ... call me Harper.
Brass: Were you down there, Harper?
Harper Fitzgerald: Yes. It is my plane. I can go wherever I please.
Nick: Lady ... why were you down there?
Harper Fitzgerald: To woo her.

Harper Fitzgerald: I know how much Merrit is paying you.

Harper Fitzgerald: Why don't you write your own check?
Lori Hutchins:  Thank you, all the same, but I'm not making any changes right now.

Brass: You don't strike me as the kind of woman who'd take no for an answer.

Harper Fitzgerald: Mmm ... I'm not. I figured she'd come around. Besides ... she's no use to me dead.

Nick: We need a DNA sample.
 

Sara: Getting a strange sense of deja vu.
Warrick: It's raining bodies here.

Lockwood: National Park Service found her. She was beyond our perimeter. We had no reason to believe that there were more bodies. They're looking for any others.
Warrick: Want to turn her over?

Warrick: He's wearing a suit. She's wearing a prom dress? That's odd.

Warrick: No prior scarring on the wrists, but the same transdermal patch. That white substance looks like the same stuff you found near Toby's body.
Sara: Seems like Romeo had a Juliet.
Warrick: Who got out of bed and ended up a half-a-mile away.
Sara: Her dress is way too big.
Warrick: What are you thinking?
Sara: Vanity, thy name is teenage girl. They were trying to go out in style.
 Something's off.



Grissom: The tranquilizer gun looks like a wipe-down, and there's no prints on the ceiling dart.
Catherine: How about the dart in the container?
Grissom: Partial palm print. Not enough for comparison. But, there was three different matches on the handrail leading down to the cargo bay. A Harper Fitzgerald ... 

Catherine: Owner of the plane.
Grissom: Jason Banks ... 

Catherine: Steward who brought the vic her dinner.
Grissom: Rhone Confer. 


Grissom: Formerly a Concierge at the Orpheus.
Catherine: Concierge ... interesting.
Grissom: It is?
Catherine: Those brown shavings that we collected from the cargo hold and the horse's teeth were tobacco. More specifically, of Volando and Colorado Maduro.
Grissom: Cigar tobacco.
Catherine: Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but when it does not contain propylene glycol, an additive used in the humidification process ... 
Grissom: Then it's a Cuban cigar.
Catherine: Dominicans are just as good, but, uh ... they're legal, so, you know, where's the fun in that?
Grissom: So if I'm looking for an illegally imported Cuban cigar, I go to ...
Catherine: Your handy concierge.



Brass: What were you doing on that plane?
Rhone Confer: I'm friendly with Harper.
Brass: Friendly? Is that a job title or do you perform a specific function for that distinction?
Rhone Confer:  You don't get it.
Brass: What, what ... what's not to get?
Catherine: Uh, why don't you help us, since you're so good at getting things like Cuban cigars?
Rhone Confer: Oh, come on. The embargo on Cuban cigars is ridiculous.
Catherine: It's still the law.
Brass: You break one law, the chances are...
Rhone Confer: I never went near Lori Hutchins.
Catherine: Well, we found your prints on the rail going down into the cargo hold.
Rhone Confer:  all that stuff?

Rhone Confer: Hey, hey, hey, there, buddy. That's a $60 Cuban.

Rhone Confer: I got the hell out of there, and I kept my mouth shut. These people-- they don't tolerate a buzz kill, and I'll be damned if I'm going to be shot for being the messenger.
Brass: So the happier Harper stays, the fatter your pockets.
Rhone Confer: I really don't like to talk about money.
Catherine:  How about we talk about DNA?



Warrick: Hello. You get anything off of that dress?
Sara: I think our girl was a young Madame DeFarge. She made her own death shroud, but she didn't know her own measurements.
Warrick: That's kind of freaky.
Sara: Any results in the sexual assault evidence kit?
Warrick: No, the kit came back negative. The stomach contents came back the same. Identical to Toby's: Burger, fries, and a shake. 

Warrick: And, also, the drug ratios were the same for fentanyl and cisapride.

Warrick: You know what else is freaky -- her prints were on his patch, and his prints were on hers.
Sara: She was a willing participant in all this.



Sara: Why didn't we find any trash at the crime scene, and why didn't we find a note?
Warrick: Well, you know, I read somewhere that only 15% of suicides actually leave a note, but you would think, with all the trouble they went through, they would want to be found.
Sara: Together.
Warrick: Yeah, and after she was sedated, she crawls away from the scene?
Sara: Why?

Lockwood: Hey, girl's library card matched a missing persons report filed today: Jill Frommer. Mom's coming in to I.D. The body.



Sara: Do you recognize this dress?
Mrs. Frommer: No.
Sara: Did Jill take Home Ec, or like to sew...
Mrs. Frommer: Jill? Please. No, Jill didn't do anything domestic. You only realize what you want to teach them after it's too late.
Lockwood: Toby Wellstone ... he lived with you as a foster kid about five years ago?
Mrs. Frommer: Yeah, for about a year, and then I sent him back.
Sara: Can I ask why?
Mrs. Frommer: My husband died of cancer, and I couldn't handle Toby alone. That boy was just way out of control. And then about ... about a year ago, Jill brings him home.

Jill Frommer: Mom, look at Toby's back. He can't stay there. It's not safe; you have to help, please.

Lockwood: And you did.
Mrs. Frommer: It didn't seem like I had any choice. I mean, the system didn't care.
Sara: Mrs. Frommer, were Toby and your daughter involved romantically?

Mrs. Frommer: You know those moments you look back on and you wish you'd chosen door number two instead? My whole life feels like that. I got nothing left.

Sara: To your knowledge, did, um, Jill ever attempt suicide before?
Mrs. Frommer: No. I mean, not that I know of, but with that boy around, there's no telling what he got her into. I ... I called Social Services. I tried to get him out of the house. He was on a list, but nobody wants teenagers, you know? Just five and under.
Sara: Mrs. Frommer, we believe that Toby and Jill had help. We'd like a list of their friends.
Mrs. Frommer:  Friends?! I think it's pretty clear that my daughter's life was just way out of my hands.



Greg: Blood on the paper towels was the vic's, Lori Hutchins. Found DNA on another area, however. Epithelials with two donors.
Catherine: By who?
Greg: Well, the vic and ... someone else.
Catherine: Are you being cagey?
Greg: I'm trying to transition out of cagey. You got to round up some more swabs. Neither Harpo ... 
Catherine:  Harper.
Greg: Whatev-O. Neither She nor Rhone Confer was a match.

Catherine:  Yeah?


Dr. Stevens: I came as soon as I got a call from the USDA.
Catherine: What happened?
Dr. Stevens: Chronic metritis. Uterine infections. I opened up the caslicks. I tried antibiotics, saline lavage ... I guess it was too little, too late.

Grissom: I found a suture scissors near Lori's body on the plane. Is it possible that she knew about the infection and tried to relieve it?
Dr. Stevens: Well, it'd have to be critical for lori to try emergency surgery in the air.
Catherine: Define critical.
Dr. Stevens: Massive swelling ... a threat to high folly's ability to foal.
Grissom: I believe we found our greater tragedy.


;


Jessie Menken: Equine necropsy's a lot like human autopsy. One organ at a time. Do you know, they're a lot like us, except their constitutions are even more sensitive. A horse can die from indigestion.
Grissom: 'A horse is dangerous at both ends, and uncomfortable in the middle.'
Jessie Menken: Who said that?
Grissom: Ian Fleming.
Jessie Menken: Ah, James Bond fan, huh?
Grissom: I read the novels when I was a kid.
Jessie Menken: Well, the vet flushed and dilated her, but her white blood count was through the roof.
Grissom: You have any idea what caused the infection?
Jessie Menken: Hard to tell ... but the uterus is a highly-balanced environment, and an infection can start with something as simple as a speck of dirt. The uterine walls sense a foreign body, and attack it.


Grissom: I thought the stitches were used to prevent the invasion of foreign bodies.

Jessie Menken: Well, they're supposed to, but she's got so much pyometra in her right uterine horn, something got in there.

Jessie Menken: Unless a horse is opened up, you can't actually reach the horns.

Jessie Menken: This is outside my purview.

Grissom: Uncut diamonds?  The horse is a 'mule'.


Dark-haired Teenager: Jill Frommer? Dude, that girl was mental.
Blonde-haired Teenager: I used to be friends with her in, like, fifth grade.
Brown-haired Teenager: Sometimes I'd pick her up before school, and she'd always be waiting outside, like a dork.
Sara: When was the last time you saw Jill?
Dark-haired: Hmm, she hasn't been at school all year.
Blonde-haired Teenager: I heard she switched schools to be with some guy.

Dark-haired Teenager: How lame.
Brown-haired Teenager: Oh, like you wouldn't do it.
Sara:  Like, does this dress look familiar?
Dark-haired Teenager: Oh, god. That's the dress that Alyssa made and wore to last year's homecoming.
Blonde: When she was fat?
Warrick: Ladies ... who is Alyssa?
Brown-haired Teenager: Jamison. Aka GTS. Goody two shoes. When she's not out saving the planet, she's healing the sick.
Sara: What?
Blonde-haired Teenager: She works as a 'Volun-teen' at the hospital.




Alyssa Jamison: Hello. How may I help you?
Sara: Hi, there. I'm Sara Sidle, and this is Warrick Brown. We're with the crime lab. Did you know Jill Frommer?
Alyssa Jamison: Sure.
Sara: Did you happen to give her this dress?
Alyssa Jamison: Yes.
Warrick: Did you also give her fentanyl and cisapride?
Alyssa Jamison: Oh, my god! She ... killed herself, didn't she?
Sara: Yeah, she did.
Alyssa Jamison: She gave me a necklace.
Sara: Excuse me?
Alyssa Jamison: Giving away sacred possessions. That's one of the sure signs of suicide. She traded the necklace for my dress. I told her she didn't have to, but she kept insisting. Said that she had something special to wear the dress to, and the necklace would be collateral. I took it as a good sign, because she'd been so depressed lately.
Sara: Did you give her any drugs, or-or give her access to this pharmacy?
Alyssa Jamison: I couldn't, even if I wanted to. 

Alyssa Jamison: Not that I ever would.


Grissom: According to his receptionist, Dr. Stevens ... left town ... unexpectedly.
Catherine: Really? Well, check this out.

Catherine: I don't think it's pixie dust. And ... lots of red lentils.

Grissom: Supposedly used to keep the diamonds from chipping.

Catherine: That Dr. Stevens was very involved.
Grissom: Mmm. 

Grissom: A horse's uterus is the size of a football, so he could've packed it with pouches of diamonds.
Catherine: Why did he leave one behind?
Grissom: He took what he could reach.
Catherine: And ran.
Grissom: But he wasn't on that plane, so he couldn't have killed the girl.
Catherine: He had a partner.
... NESS: 1.1 - 2.5 SL. THICK
F NONE

Grissom: Did you know that the term 'carat' comes from the Mediterranean Carob Tree, whose seeds were used for centuries as a standard of measurement?

Catherine: No. Um ... so, based on the six-to-one lentil-to-diamond ratio in the packet we found, and assuming that all the packets are the same size, I think we're looking for ... five more.
Grissom: Five?
Catherine: Well, yeah, based on weight, uh, we've established that approximately 183 grams of lentils per pack...

Catherine: Oh, my mistake. Four.
Grissom: Well, it's not 100% accurate, but, uh ... based on shape, color characteristics, wavelength absorptions of the regional impurities ... it says that these diamonds come from Central Africa.
Catherine: Conflict diamonds? Don't those fund warlords and support child slavery?
Grissom: Yeah. Bought for pennies on the dollar, and banned by the U.N.
Catherine: Well, that would explain why someone felt the need to smuggle them into the country.
Grissom: That, and a half a million dollars worth of luxury tax. No customs, no tax.
Catherine: And if Lori were about to find out, explains why someone would want to kill her.
Grissom: So we've got the how and the why.  We just need the who.


Brass: Well, you travel with a well-heeled crowd. I checked everybody's passports. Man, you guys get around ... but you're the only one who's been to Sierra Leone.
Jason Banks: You know why I became a steward?
Brass: I don't know, uh, see the world?
Jason Banks: Exactly.
Brass: What'd you see in Sierra Leone?
Jason Banks: Well, that's the joke. Free night in Amsterdam? No, no. I went around the globe picking up packages for the Fitzgeralds like a frickin' bike messenger. 'Oh, could you take the plane to Rome ... to Ghana... pick something up for me?'
Brass: Sounds like fun. What kind of stuff did you pick up?
Jason Banks: Who knows? Art, antiques. It's usually wrapped up. Look, I figure I'm better off not knowing, and it looks like I was right.
Brass: What was your beef with Lori, the horse trainer?
Jason Banks: I don't have one.
Brass: Oh, well, we got a stack of bloody paper towels with your DNA on it that says you do.

Jason Banks: I took them from her.

Jason Banks: Hey, Lori, dinner's ready. You okay?
Lori Hutchins: Yeah, the horse is just really freaked out. Gave me a good one.

Jason Banks: Sure. No problem.

Jason Banks: I got buzzed into the bedroom. Mrs. Fitzgerald needed help with her zipper. I threw the paper towels in the wastepaper basket.
Brass: That's a tidy little story.



Warrick: You know Jill's friends seemed like they were brainwashed ... or brain-dead. And moms was absentee at best, huh?
Sara: Well, teenagers are very suggestive. If Toby was the best thing she had going, it's the biggest influence in her life.
Warrick: Yeah.

Greg: Don't even bother viewing those surveillance tapes. No hospital's dispensed cisapride in three years.
Sara: So that's it? The kids just magically got the drugs and offed themselves, end of story?
Greg: Not exactly. The white substance that you pulled from Romeo's blanket and Juliet's dress ...
Warrick: Yeah?
Greg: Denatured milk proteins and mucoid saliva.  Baby spittle.
Sara: There was a baby out there.
Greg: Not just any baby -- their baby. I pulled DNA. Two halves make a whole.



Lockwood: Mom's credit card showed a suit purchase in the young men's department at JC Penney's.
Warrick: Oh, yeah? Looks like moms is a personal shopper and chauffeur, huh? Guess moms is busy.

Sara: Too busy to notice a baby, apparently.



Lockwood: Ma'am, we have a warrant to search the premises.

Sara: Cisapride and fentanyl-- you care to explain this?
Mrs. Frommer: My husband went through chemo, I told you that. The fentanyl's for my back pain.
Warrick: Why didn't you tell us that Jill and Toby had access to these?

Mrs. Frommer: Jill, I'm going to lie down. Go get me those pills for my back.

Mrs. Frommer: You didn't ask.



Warrick: Hi, baby. Hi, little baby.
 
Mrs. Frommer: I'm this baby's only chance.
Sara: Lady, you are out of chances.
Mrs. Frommer: Watching people kill themselves isn't against the law in Nevada.

Jill Frommer:  I love you.


Warrick: So you encouraged them to take the pills.

Mrs. Frommer: How much longer are you two going to ruin my life, huh? How much longer?

Warrick:  You drove them out to death valley after their last meal.

Sara: There's nothing like a little positive reinforcement, is there?

Mrs. Frommer: They were beyond saving.

Jill Frommer: Wait, mom, I changed my mind. I don't want to die. 

Jill Frommer: Mom! Mom! Please don't leave me!

Warrick: I think we can convince a jury that you did more than just watch.
Mrs. Frommer: Not helping a child in danger is a misdemeanor. You might as well write me a parking ticket.
Sara: We're going to write you up on murder, and then I'm going to call Child Services.
Mrs. Frommer: Go ahead. I am next of kin, and without a record, I'm going to get her back in a second.

Warrick: Miss ...

Mrs. Frommer:  It's okay. It's all right.
Sara: It's all going to be better with door number two.
Mrs. Frommer: That's right.

Sara: You think we even stand a chance?
Warrick: No.
Warrick:  Hi ... hey.



Catherine: What have you got?
Grissom: We got animal, mineral, and now vegetable.
Catherine: What?
Grissom: I ran the trace on the remainder of the diamonds. Lentils and carrots.
Catherine: Carrots on the karats.
Grissom: I'm thinking Lori packed the diamonds.
Catherine: After she fed the horse, evidently.

Lori: There you go. That a girl.



Grissom: She was the only one who got close to that horse.
Catherine: So Dr. Stevens didn't have one partner, he had two.
Grissom: And Lori was the only one who knew there was five packages, which would explain why Stevens left one behind.
Catherine: She was a victim, but she wasn't innocent.




Catherine: Okay, so, we've got a dead woman, a dead horse, a runaway vet, and ... a couple million dollars worth of uncut diamonds that are unaccounted for.

Grissom: Well, diamonds are worthless unless you have a buyer.
Nick: What if the vet repackaged the diamonds, took them with him. PD traced him to the Caymans.
Catherine: But why would he smuggle them into the country only to smuggle them out again?
Grissom: Flight Steward's story checks out. Lori Hutchins had an ante-mortem gash on her right forearm.

Nick: Ski instructor ... massuese ... geez. Is there anyone not on Harper's payroll?
Catherine: Well, you met her. Would you be her friend for free?
Grissom: What about Harper? It was her plane, Meredith's horse. She didn't care what happened to the horse.

Nick: Yeah, but she's got no reason to smuggle diamonds. Reward's not worth the risk.
Catherine:  Rhone Kinsey-Confer. Hey, what if we were thinking about this whole thing a little too globally? I'm going to find out what Rhone's mother's maiden name is. 

Grissom: What's his mother got to do with it?
Catherine: She may have sold me my engagement ring.  Brass, check out Kinsey Diamonds. 



Catherine:  Find out if the owner is related to our Concierge.


Brass: Sir, stop what you're doing. Las Vegas police. We have a search and seizure warrant for any and all diamonds.

Mrs. Kinsey: I bought those diamonds. They're mine. What are you doing?
Brass: Hey, Mrs. Kinsey, did you ever stop and think that maybe your family discount was a little too good to be true? Did you really think your son mined those rocks himself? Come on. Think about it.


Brass: Yeah, someone else's plane, someone else's horse. What a good plan. Except you got caught. Why even bother when you had everything you wanted at your disposal?
Grissom: Tantalus. Stuck in hell, forever staring at the fruit just out of reach.
Brass: Except you couldn't do it without Lori. My guess is her death was an accident.
Grissom: Did she care more about the horse than she did the diamonds?

Rhone Confer: Can't you give her a pill or something?
Lori Hutchins: I'm taking the diamonds out.
Rhone Confer: No, you're not. We've come too far to have this fall apart now. It's not worth the horse's life.
Lori Hutchins: Yeah, well, it is to me.

Rhone Confer: Prove it.
Grissom: Would you mind taking off your shirt?
Rhone Confer: I don't want to.
Brass: Well, that's unfortunate, because ... your tax evasion allows us to expand your warrant. And your shirt -- that's just the beginning.


Rhone Confer: What are you looking for?

Grissom: Evidence of a struggle. Oh, and there it is.

Grissom: High-powered pneumatic guns don't need to be loaded to leave a mark.




Rhone Confer:  Freakin' pony lover.
Grissom: 'A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse.'
