



 


Intruder 1: Hey, this place is a dump.
Intruder 2: I'm telling you, this bitch is loaded and no one's seen her for weeks.

Intruder 2:  What the hell.
Intruder 1: This place is trashed. Hey, man, you trying to make me look stupid?
Intruder 2: No, man. I swear. Somebody must have beat us to it.

Intruder 2: What the hell is this?

Intruder 1: I'm out, man.


Officer:  Gentlemen, put your hands on your heads, please.
 
 


Warrick: Smudges. Nothing but smudges. Doesn't anybody use formica anymore?
Officer: First thing we did when we saw this was call you guys. Didn't touch a thing.

Officer: So you going to open it?
Grissom: Eventually.




Officer: This is going to take all day.
Grissom: Sun Tzu once said, 'If you wait by the river long enough, the bodies of your enemies will float by.'



Grissom: But those were brutal times.

 


Warrick: Hey, hold up.


David Phillips: Warrick?
Warrick: Hey, David. Give me a minute and let me clear a path here, okay?
David Phillips: All right, I'm not going anywhere.

Warrick: All right.

Warrick: There's at least four weeks of mail here, Grissom.

Grissom: Four weeks of 100 degree days, zero percent humidity. Eventually, the body tissues sublimate ...

Grissom:  ... cell fluids vaporize ...

Grissom: 


Warrick: Turns a grape into a raisin.
Grissom: Well, the desert was making mummies long before the Egyptians.

Grissom: Take a look at this. 

Grissom: And look at her fingers. 


Warrick: She tried to claw her way out.
Grissom: Yeah. Which means she was alive when she was entombed.
 

Intruder 2: She was supposed to be, like, this old widow, right? Like, always going out to dinner and coming home with shopping bags. Bitch had insurance money and word was that she kept it in a box hidden under her bed.
Brass: A retired grade-school teacher living on a pension ...
Intruder 2: Listen, man, we didn't kill her.
Brass:  No, I know that. What I want to know is, other than the back door, did you or your partner touch anything in the house?
Intruder 2: No. There was nothing left to touch, man.
 
 
Warrick: Hey, Griss. 

Warrick: Don't you think this is kind of odd? A woman who spends the time making tea like this leaves a chunk of chocolate cake on the counter.
Grissom: With a big bite out of it?

Warrick: Yeah. Some crack head brutalizes an old lady, leaves her in a closet, and grabs a snack on the way out.
Grissom: Hopefully. Take it back to the lab.





Madeline Foster: Oh!
Male Voice: Shut up! Get in!
Madeline Foster: Oh!
 
 
Robbins: Fluoroscope showed no bullet or stab wounds, and apart from multiple fractures of her fingers and hands, no other apparent injuries.
Grissom: So whoever boarded her up in the closet maybe didn't intend to kill her.
Robbins:  Yeah. They must have thought somebody'd find her -- a friend or relative.
Grissom: She lived alone. Only relative was a nephew. Brass is looking for him.
Robbins: Live alone, die alone. In this case, from massive dehydration. Rule of threes: Three minutes without air, three days without water, and three weeks without food. 
Grissom: Three days must have felt like three years.
Robbins: Warrick said you found a possible print at the scene. Need to rule hers out?
Grissom: Yeah. Also need a dental impression.
Robbins: Well, that'll be easy.
 
 
Catherine: So, what do we have here?
Officer: Well, boy was out playing, found the weapon, fired one shot, dropped the weapon. No one's touched it since.
Catherine: Hmm. 

Catherine: Okay, thanks.
 
 
Catherine: Hey, Nathan. How's your foot?
Nathan Timmel: I got a rocket ship band-aid.
Catherine: Hmm. Yeah, I see that. Mrs. Timmel, does the gun belong to someone in the house?
Mrs. Timmel: No, absolutely not. My husband and I don't believe in guns. We moved here from the city because it was supposed to be safer.
Catherine: Nathan, where did you find the gun?
Nathan Timmel: Seymour found it.
Catherine: Seymour?
Mrs. Timmel:  His imaginary friend.
Catherine:  So, you were playing with Seymour, and he found the gun where?
Nathan Timmel:  Over there.
Catherine: Well, where exactly?
Nathan Timmel: In the backyard.
Catherine: Was it buried? Did you dig it up?
Nathan Timmel: Nope.

Catherine: Will you ever play with guns again?
Nathan Timmel: Nope.

 
Grissom: We don't need an I.D ...
Brass: Oh, the nephew said he wanted to see her. Insisted on it. Made me curious. 

Brass: You Connor Foster?
Connor Foster: Yeah. I'm sorry I'm late. I got lost. 
This is the morgue, huh?


Grissom: You have to prepare yourself for this. Your aunt was found in an advanced state of decomposition.

Connor Foster: Oh, this is messed up. This is really messed up. 

Connor Foster: Whoa! She just moved. Did you see that? 

Connor Foster: I'm telling you, she just moved.
Brass: Sometimes, when you see the body of someone you know, someone you've seen move before, you want them to move.
Connor Foster: That's not her. This lady's too thin. That's not her skin, either. My aunt always wore sunblock.
Grissom: Dry mouth. Diaphoresis. Red eyes, dilated pupils.
Connor Foster: Huh?
Brass: It means you're high.

Connor Foster: I got to go.
Brass: We'd like you to stay.

 
Brass: Where are you living these days, Connor?
Connor Foster: At the YMCA off industrial, near the underpass.
Brass: Nice. How's work?
Connor Foster: I don't have a job. I used to.
Brass: Yeah. Yeah, two years ago, your aunt reported a pearl necklace stolen. You were busted trying to hock it at a pawn shop.
Connor Foster: She dropped those charges.
Brass: Oh, sure. Anything for her favorite nephew. And what have you done for her? She was lying in a coat closet for over a month. You didn't call. You didn't stop by.
Connor Foster:  I don't call her much. We only have dinner on holidays. Whenever she sees me, it makes her kind of sad.
Grissom: Do you get the munchies?
Connor Foster: When?
Grissom: When you're high.

Grissom: Do you like cake?
Connor Foster:  No, I go for burgers. Sonic.
Grissom: How would you like to make a dental impression for us?
Connor Foster: I'll do whatever you guys want.
 
 
Catherine: Hey, Rich. 

Rich: Whatcha got for me?
Catherine: Found this somewhere where it didn't belong. 
 
Catherine: Unregistered. No prints.

Rich: Huh. Sweet piece.
Catherine: Mm-hmm.
Rich: .32 beretta tomcat. Titanium frame, stainless steel barrel and slide. Super lightweight.
Catherine: Yeah, light enough for a five year old to use.
Rich: Ouch.
Catherine: He's okay. Thank god.
Rich: Good. 
 
Rich: .32 caliber. Not many of these in circulation.
Catherine: Well, that's a good thing.
Rich: Potentially.

Rich: Okay. Here we go.

Catherine: Okay.

Rich:  Two shots!
 of the bullet.



Type: D.B.
Description: Murder
Code: DOC# 1773621-43
Investigating Officer: W. Brown
Rich: There's showing up for work and there's doing your job. Warrick brought in a .32 auto coroner's bullet last week. D.B. in Maslow Park. You just found the murder weapon.
 
 
Catherine: Frank Maddox. 47-year-old white male. Professional bounty hunter. Single .32 round in the side of his head. Bruises on his face and chest.
Warrick: Autopsy ruled those premortem. At least a day old. It was a close shot, non-contact, downward angle. No primer residue on the hands. T.O.D. was approximately 2:00 A.M. No one found the body until 7:00 A.M. A lot of wind ... 
Catherine: Warrick, your notes are great. Let the case speak for itself.

Warrick: I got to go see my mummy.

 
Greg:  You know, I could've sworn I heard Grissom telling you to do this.
Warrick: Yeah? You know what rolls downhill?
Greg: Apparently bloated fingertips.

Warrick: Come on, you got a lot of new skills to master. Field work's a little messier than your test tubes and your GCMS.
Greg: Yeah, and a lot less accurate.
Warrick: One continuous motion, nice and easy.

Warrick: That's not bad. Keep practicing. Nine more to go.
 
 
Sara: Hey.
Warrick: Hey.
Sara: I heard about your mummy in the closet. Very cool.
Nick: Yeah, and we get a 406 in Henderson. Want to trade?
Warrick:  Nothing spells excitement like a B and E.

 
Michael Kirkwood:  Who is it?
Officer: Las Vegas police, sir.

Michael Kirkwood: Hey.
Officer: We received a phone call from a neighbor about a break in.
Michael Kirkwood: Yeah, yeah,  My daughter, she had some friends over tonight without my permission, and, um, they started drinking. 

Michael Kirkwood: They got out of control. They broke some stuff. A couple of windows, but, uh, you know, we got it under control, we're cleaning it all up. So I apologize for the trouble.
Officer: No trouble at all, sir. You have a good night now.
Michael Kirkwood: Thanks.


Nick: 'To protect and serve.'

Nick: Are you boys ready for softball on Sunday?
Officer: Ready to kick your ass, Stokes.
Sara: See you back at the lab.
Nick: All right. You're ready to kiss my what?
Officer: You heard me.


Suzanna Kirkwood:  I need to go to the hospital. Please.
 
 
Sara: Suzanna, if you were sexually assaulted ...
Suzanna Kirkwood: It was a party. It just got out of control. All I need is an AIDS test and a morning after pill.
Sara: Date rape is still rape.
Suzanna Kirkwood:  Thank you for clearing that up.

Doctor: Hey.
Sara: Hi.

Suzanna:  Does she ... ? Does she have to be in here for this?
Doctor: No.

Suzanna: Bye. Thank you.
Sara: Okay.

Doctor:  Go ahead and put this on, okay?


Sara: We're going to need full-body photographs. If she can't talk, the kit's going to have to do it for her.
Doctor: Okay.
 
 
Greg: Your, uh, mummy prints.

Grissom: Warrick's getting sloppy.
Greg: Yeah, someone should really have a talk with that guy.

Greg: What's that?
Grissom: Dessert.
 
 
Michael Kirkwood: Look, I thought we were done.
Nick: Well, sir, we need a list of all the kids who were here tonight.
Linda Kirkwood: Why?
Sara: Mrs. Kirkwood, Mr. Kirkwood, your daughter has been raped.
Michael Kirkwood:  What did she tell you?

Nick: We're going to need to search the premises.
Michael Kirkwood: You can't. It's my house.
Sara: You don't have a choice. We have a warrant.

Nick: I'm going to have to ask you folks to step outside. Thank you.

Sara: I'll take the girl's room.
Nick: Yeah, I'll take the master.


;
 
 
Sara: So, how do we know we're dealing with the same suspect?
Warrick: We don't.
Nick: Table against the closet door, chair shoved under the knob. It is the same M.O.
Sara: Any connections between the victims?
Grissom: Well, both victims were left alive, we think. I mean, the old lady's death was probably unintentional, and the girl's rape was ... 
Sara: Crime of opportunity?
Warrick: If you're out to rob somebody's house, why would you do it when they're home?
Grissom: The difference between burglary and home invasion -- infliction of terror.

Perpetrator: Talk to the cops? Say a word, and I'll kill you. 

Perpetrator: I'll kill you, okay?

Nick: Bad guys leave, fear just stays behind.
 
 
Catherine: Maslow Park. All fun and games till the sun goes down.

Catherine: So, the bounty hunter is here at 2:00 A.M.
O'Riley: Like shooting fish in a barrel. Almost guaranteed to run into one of his skips or some lowlife who knows ere they are.
Catherine: Well, apparently, someone found him first.


Catherine: Hunter becomes the hunted.

Catherine: A dozen perfect dump sites within a mile of here. So, how does the gun end up across town in the hands of a five-year-old boy?
O'Riley: Drive and dump.
Catherine:  Doesn't make any sense.


Officer: G. GRISSOM
Location: MADELINE FOSTER /  / Residence

Officer: N. Stokes
Location: KIRKWOOD /  / Residence

Jacqui Franco: You never make it easy, do you?
Nick: The center whorls look similar.
Warrick: Can you generate a composite?
Franco: Well, it's all about gestalt. When the whole of the pattern is greater than the sum of its parts.
 
 
Sara: Once I pulled details, I shrank it back down to 100%. Here's the thing. Looks like the bite came from behind.
Grissom: Well, it was probably easier to subdue her in that position.



Grissom: You okay?
Sara: Yeah.

Grissom: The occlusal plane looks the same. And the lateral incisor overlaps the canine ...

Grissom: ... in both cases.
Sara: Same person.
Grissom: Definitely not the old lady's nephew.

Nick: Hey, hey. Two partials equal one slimeball. Jacqui got a hit through AFIS.
Warrick: The guy with the closet fixation is Steve Jansson.
Sara: Let's see if he has an oral fixation as well.
 
 
Brass: Little Stevie Jansson. How was the home of the good shepherd, Steve?
Steve Jansson: Mac and cheese was aces. Juvie offenses don't mean squat. My record -- it's been expunged.
Brass: Expunged, huh? So, what's this crap you're pulling now?
Sara: Two crime scenes, two prints-- both yours.
Brass: And looking at your adult record, this makes strike two and three with one pitch. That's a real time-saver for us.
Steve Jansson: I don't know what you're talking about.
Brass: Madeline Foster. The Kirkwoods.
Steve Jansson: I do work for them sometimes. Odd jobs.
Brass: So, if we asked The Kirkwoods, they'd say you were their handyman, huh?
Steve Jansson: Go ahead. Ask them.
Sara: You always help yourself to something sweet while you work?

Sara: Bite it.

 
Frank Maddox:  I'm saying it now, and I'm saying it loud. I will bring Terrango to justice.

Interviewer:  What makes you think you'll succeed where so many others have failed?
Frank Maddox:  Failure's not an option. It never has been. You feeling me, Terrango? You can keep on running, but I will keep coming. I will never stop.
Warrick: Them's fightin' words. Did he get his man?

Catherine: Actually, no. Terrango killed two more people before another
'recovery agent' picked him up in Texas.
Warrick: Well, that probably hurt business.
Catherine: Oh, yeah, it did. After that case, his recovery rate went down practically to zero.

Catherine: What about suicide?
Warrick: No. It's a non-contact wound at a downward angle. It's a textbook murder.
Catherine: Maybe too textbook. A bounty hunter would know how to fake it. Let's check out his right sleeve. Very odd. It's unbuttoned - it's pulled way down. It would explain why there weren't any prints on the gun.

Warrick: Doesn't explain how the gun left the scene.
Catherine: Maybe someone found it and grabbed it up.
Warrick: Just to toss it in suburbia a week later?
Catherine: We're always looking for a weapon. You'd think it'd be easier when the weapon finds us.
Warrick: What's in the scope?


Catherine: It's polypropylene film. It was found in the trigger guard. It's ribbon, for wrapping presents and ...



Warrick: You got a theory?
Catherine: You got ten bucks?

Warrick: Yeah.
 
 
Grissom: Jansson's dental impression is consistent with the bite mark on the girl's shoulder.
Brass: Consistent, but not conclusive. I spoke to Mr. Kirkwood. He wouldn't confirm or deny Jansson's handyman story. He said he couldn't remember. And without that, uh ...

Sara: Hey, guys, we're screwed.
Greg: The semen from the rape kit doesn't belong to Steve Jansson. No hits off CODIS either.

Sara: There was more than one guy. She was gang-raped.

Brass: This gets cheerier by the minute.
Sara: Jansson's never going to roll over on his partner. They're going to do it again.
Brass: Yeah.
Grissom: We've given them no reason to stop.

Cue Sound:  DOORBELL
 
 
Grissom: Hi. My name's Gil Grissom. I'm with the Las Vegas crime lab.

Michael Kirkwood:  Suzanna, ... 

Michael Kirkwood:  What do you want? I already told the police I have nothing more to say.
Grissom: I think you do. And I need you to speak for someone who can't speak for herself. Another victim.
Michael Kirkwood: I don't care about another victim. 

Michael Kirkwood: Suzanna, please.

Grissom: Look, we know that two men broke into your house. We have one suspect in custody, but we can't hold him unless you talk to us.
Michael Kirkwood: I can't help you. I'm shutting the door now.

Grissom: Mr. Kirkwood, I've done all that I can. I need what you saw.
Michael Kirkwood:  Mr. Grissom, do you have a wife, children?
Grissom: No.
Michael Kirkwood: Then you can't possibly understand how I feel. All I am to you is a folder in a drawer.
Grissom: And if I had a wife and children ...
Michael Kirkwood: Then you wouldn't be here. I can't help you.
 
 
Nick: Man ... LINDA KIRKWOOD was a Hoover. She even bleached the sheets.
Sara: You know what I don't get? How do they get in? There's no sign of forced entry at either scene.
Nick: Ring the doorbell; that usually seems to work.


Warrick: Hey, hey, hey.
Nick: What?
Warrick: What is that you just threw in there?

Nick: Leftovers, I guess.
Warrick: You know that piece of half-eaten shark with cake that Gris and I found at the old lady Maddie's house? This is from the same restaurant.
Sara: Links the victims.
 555-2398
Magnetic Card Present KIRKWOOD
Approved 566849
Warrick: Same night as the home invasion. Signed by LINDA KIRKWOOD. Dinner for one.
Nick: Single women, dining alone -- easy targets.

Nick:  All you have to do is follow them home.


Warrick:  Same Restaurant ...
Nick:  Same waiter?
 
 
Ryan : Uh ... sure, they're regulars. I haven't seen, uh, Maddie in a while, but Mrs. K. comes in every Thursday while her daughter's at soccer practice.
Brass: Well, you know all your customers this well?
Ryan : I try to chat up the ones that come in alone. I feel bad for
'em.
Warrick: So both women came in alone?
Ryan : Every week.
Brass: Where were you after your shift on Thursday night?
Ryan : Oh, uh... I was best man at my friend's wedding. The Luxor has that new wedding chapel. You get it at a discount if you use it on a weekday. I can give you a number if you ...
Brass:  Down, boy.

Brass: Thanks.
Ryan : Sure.

Warrick: I kind of doubt that a clean-cut guy like Ryan is hanging out with snaggletooth Steve.
Brass: No, but I'd bet somebody here was.
 
 
Catherine: Hi.
Balloon Vendor: Hi.
Catherine: You here every day? 
Balloon Vendor: Seven days a week, till the sun goes down. I got a wife, a kid, and 2.3 dogs to support.
Catherine: Do you recognize this man?
Balloon Vendor: Oh, yeah. He was here a few days ago. A little bigger than my average customer.
Catherine: Did he buy any balloons?
Balloon Vendor: Four big reds.

Catherine: I'll take what he bought.
 

Warrick: We know Jansson's partner knew the customers at the restaurant.
Nick: Education, employment history and a driver's license are required for all employees.
Sara: I've made a timeline of Steve Jansson's illustrious life span. Places he's lived, the places he's been arrested-- you know, the highlights.
Grissom: You find any commonalities?
Nick: Well, Eric Shultz. Lives in the same neighborhood.

Warrick: Jose Cortez. Worked at the Wilson Street Grill from '93 to '94.

Nick: But the busboy, Kelly James -- not only went to the same high school, but graduated from the same juvie center.
Sara: It's always nice when they come out worse than when they went in.
Nick:  What do you think? That's our guy, right?
Grissom: It's a connection. It's not enough to compel DNA.
Sara: So we have nothing?
Grissom: No, we have a name, and we know where he works.
Nick: I'll find out where he was the night the Kirkwoods were invaded.
 
 
Brass: Lineup's almost ready to go. 
Grissom:  Listen, when she I.D.s Kelly James, we're going to need a DNA sample and an immediate hold, no bail.
Public Defender: He's not a flight risk.
Grissom: He's a risk.

Sara: Hey, Suzanna. 

Sara: Um, why don't we go hang out until they're ready for us? We'll get a glass of water or something.
 

Sara: I'm really glad you decided to come today.

Suzanna Kirkwood:  Do you ... you want to hear something stupid?
Sara: Sure.
Suzanna Kirkwood: My boyfriend and I had been talking about having s*x for a of couple months. I always said no because I was afraid that my parents would find out.
 
 
Grissom: Mr. Kirkwood, I'm sorry. The other day, I thought you were saying that you 'wouldn't' help me, and now I realize that you 'couldn't'.
Michael Kirkwood:  I never got a good look at them.
 
 
Brass: We're ready.
Suzanna Kirkwood: Can she come with me?
Brass: I already cleared it with the Public Defender.
 
 
Michael Kirkwood: She's 16. I only had two jobs left -- teach her to think for herself, keep her safe. I got one right.
 
 
Brass: Here's how this works: There are five guys in a line. We're going to ask each of them to step forward, turn to the side, and then face forward again.
 Remember, you can see them, but they can't see you. Okay?

Suzanna Kirkwood: He already knows it's me.
Sara: Suzanna, you can do this. I know you can.

Suzanna Kirkwood: Okay.

Man:  Number one, please step forward. 

Man:  Turn to the left. Step back. 

Man:  Number two, step forward. Turn to your left.

Michael Kirkwood:  You know, people say ... 
 
Michael Kirkwood: ... you never forget. Truth is... you do forget. And then you remember. It makes it worse. It was like, uh, it's like my brain ... doesn't know where to put it.



Michael Kirkwood: You know, it must've run through a million times in my mind ... somebody breaks in. I get a baseball bat. Get everybody out the back door. Call the cops. My family's safe. And I just stood there ...
 

Man:  Number four, step forward.




Man:  Turn to your left.
 

Michael Kirkwood: And when Suzanna was a little girl, Linda made me put those, um, the child-proof locks on all the kitchen cabinets. I complained. You know what she said to me? She said, uh, 'The least we can do is make her safe in her own house.'
 
Grissom: Mr. Kirkwood ... you didn't do anything wrong.


Michael Kirkwood:  Baby.

Michael Kirkwood: Oh, it's okay, it's okay. Shh.

Brass: She froze up. She couldn't do it.
Sara: Her reaction should be enough.
Grissom:  What do you think?
Brass:  Well, we've got enough to hold this Jansson kid, but the other guy ... unless she writes a number down, there's nothing we can do.
 
 
Catherine: Hey. I'm sorry to hear about your case.
Warrick:  We were so close, you don't even know.
Catherine: Well, he'll be back. We'll get him eventually.
Warrick: Yeah.

Catherine: Want to go for a ride?
Warrick:  Probably safer than anything else I had planned. Yeah.
 
 
Catherine: Frank Maddox - bad-ass bounty hunter on his way down. Loses his rep, loses his edge ... 
Warrick: Loses his manhood. Guess he thought he had nothing left to live for.
Catherine: Except maybe one thing: Going out with his boots on. 

Catherine:  He picks a known hot spot, and waits until it gets dark. 

Catherine:  Angles the gun down...

Catherine:  ... and the balloons make it look like murder.

 

Warrick:  On a windy night, a balloon can go for miles.

Catherine: Until ... 



Cue Sound: GUNSHOT.

Catherine: ... you leave the city to get away from crime, and guns fall out of the sky.



Brass: Get your kit.
As they approach the body on the sidewalk, the CORONERS push a gurney past them. On the other side of the crime scene tape standing in the front walk of the house are the KIRKWOODS. SARA stands next to them.
The gurney passes by and GRISSOM sees SUZANNA KIRKWOOD lying in a pool of blood. GRISSOM stares at the body.
Suddenly, he looks up and sees MICHAEL KIRKWOOD with his arms around his wife, LINDA -- both staring at their daughter's body.
He shifts his gaze slightly and looks directly at SARA Their eyes meet and hold. There are just no words for this. Her tear-filled gaze breaks contact and shifts downward to SUZANNA on the ground between them.
This is not just another crime scene.
Suddenly, SARA moves. She lifts up the crime scene tape and enters the crime scene with her kit. However, without looking up, she walks by the body as BRASS watches her.
The KIRKWOODS stand aside and watch.
Camera holds on GRISSOM.
