


Julie Waters:  Some girls want to be Homecoming Queen. Some girls want to be Miss America. I have always wanted to be a Showgirl.


Julie Waters:  I mean, I've been taking dancing lessons since I was five. I would, um ... I would pull my leotards really high up on my hips,

Julie Waters:  ... and stick feathers in my hair, put on my mom's high heels, and then I would put on this show.

Paula Francis:  This is day six in the search for Julie Waters, the model and aspiring reported missing by her parents last Thursday. Authorities are asking for the public's help in any information regarding her whereabouts. 

Male Reporter: : Where is Julie Waters? That's the question authorities thus far ...
Operator :  Can you tell me your address, sir? What is your emergency?
Howard Delhomme:  She's so beautiful. 
Julie Waters:  The first day I got here, I went straight to the Tropicana ...
Howard Delhomme:  Soft and ... 
Julie Waters:  I walked right past all the slots and the tables, to the tiffany theater. ... 
Howard Delhomme:  ... sweet ... like an angel. 
Julie Waters:  
Operator :  What is your emergency?
Howard Delhomme:  I never meant to hurt her ...

Julie Waters:  I couldn't get the smile off of my face. 

Julie Waters:  I didn't even see when the security guard came up to me, and he told me that I had to leave. You know, 'all rehearsals are closed.' 

Julie Waters:  So I got up, and then he turns to me ... and he says, um ... 'go ahead and stay.'

Officer: We have visual. OFFICER: Drop your weapon! OFFICER: Freeze! Freeze!

Brass: Clear the house. Look for the girl.



Reporters: Captain! Captain! Captain Brass!

Brass: Where is she?
Delhomme: Huh?
Brass:  See this face? I'm going to be all over you till you give her up.
Nick:  Jim, the world's watching.
Brass: I want him waiting for me. 

Brass: Swat cleared the house. It's empty.
Catherine: So no girl? 
 
Catherine:  What did he blow?
Nick: A .21.
Catherine: Going to take him a long time to sober up.
Brass: I'm not waiting.
Sara: Did he say anything about her?
Brass: He never actually mentioned her name. All he said was, 'I never meant to hurt her.'
Catherine: Six days missing? He didn't just hurt her.
 
 
Sheriff Rory Atwater:  At this time, the Las Vegas Police Department has in custody one Howard Delhomme, ... 
Sheriff Rory Atwater:  ... whom we believe to be responsible for the disappearance of Julie Waters. Our forensic team is currently combing the Delhomme residence searching for clues to her whereabouts.
Reporter:  Sheriff, how long will it take to find her?
{heading on right}
{LARGE photo of JULIE WATERS on left}
{headline on right}


Sheriff Rory Atwater:  I expect an answer to that just as soon as the team is finished processing the house.
Catherine:  Attaboy, Sheriff. Nothing like predicting the future.

Sara: This guy was unraveling.



Article reads: LAS VEGAS - Authorities are growing increasingly frustrated in their search for Julie Waters, the missing model/showgirl whom in recent days, has captured the sympathy of the entire Las Vegas Community. The LVPD released a statement late last night indicating that the crime well was drying up with very few fresh leads to explore. LVPD Sheriff Rory Atwater when asked about the likelihood ... 
... expressing a sentiment that should be familiar to those who have followed that unfolding events of the past week, 'Julie is a face to remind us of everyone's daughter, as anyone with a child can attest to.'
It should be noted that the natural general principle that will subgame this boring case requires considerable sexual performance ... ]
Catherine: This is like a timeline. Day one all the way up until this morning.

* The LAS VEGAS SUN with large photo of JULIE WATERS on the front page with the headline: FEARED DEAD.
* METRO ... with a large photo of JULIE WATERS on the front page.
* NEVADA with the headline STATE RAIDS CRAWFISH OPERATION
* LIVING with a photo of JULIE WATERS on the front page. )

Julie Waters:  I mean, I've been taking dancing lessons since I was five. I would, um ... I would pull my leotards ...
Sara: More Julie Waters.
Julie Waters:  ...Stick feathers in my hair, put on my mom's high heels, and then I would put on this show.
Catherine:  'Howard Delhomme Photography.'
 
 
Brass: Media's gone now. Just you and me. Where is she? 

Brass: Nobody calls 911 unless they're ready to talk. 

Brass: Tell me.

Brass: Tell me. Get used to this room, bud. You're not going anywhere.


Catherine: Who reported Julie Waters missing?
Nick: Her mom. She said she talks to her every day. Called the station when she couldn't reach her by nightfall.
Sara: Grissom sent Nick and I to her apartment on the 'missing.' Her bills were paid, ready to mail.
Nick: Doesn't look like any of her toiletries were missing.
Sara: She even left her birth control pills. Strange.
Nick: Her mom said she had dinner with the producers of Real Vegas Showgirls.
Catherine: What's that?
Nick: It's a reality-based show shooting here in Vegas.
Catherine: What about her car?
Nick: It was found four days ago at Dante's pizza on boulder highway -- parking lot.

Sara: Locked. No signs of foul play.
Catherine: Purse?
Sara: It's the only thing that was missing.
Grissom: What about the drunk guy?
Nick: A professional photographer, lives alone ... 
Grissom: You collected everything at his house -- no evidence of Julie?
Catherine: Although the place was papered with articles about her, all acquired after the fact.


Officer Joe: I was following protocol.
Brass: Come on, Joe, I ask you to do one thing and this happens?
Officer Joe: I'm sorry, Captain. I got called away on a PCP ... 

Brass: Joe.
Catherine: Where is he?
Brass: Getting stitched up, but he left something for you.

Catherine:  'I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt anyone.'


Catherine: 'Anyone'? What's that supposed to mean? That Julie Waters isn't his first victim? He's done this before?


Grissom:  You want to take him into the next room, please?


Sara: Look, I know you want to make this right. You called 911.

Brass: What, do you think you're going to walk out of here? You're in for the long haul.

Sara: If you help me, I can help you. We already know who you're talking about. All we need to know is where to find her.
Brass: Are we boring you? Huh? 'Cause what you're not getting is I got all night. One of us is getting overtime to be here, and it isn't you, so talk to me.

Howard Delhomme: I'll talk ... only for the one in the next room -- The Pretty One.
 
 
Catherine: How many yards did you say it was from mile marker 15?
Howard Delhomme: Why don't you take off your sunglasses and your hat?
Catherine: Need your help here, Mr. Delhomme.
Howard Delhomme: Howard.
Catherine: All right. 

Catherine: Howard. Are we in the right place?
Howard Delhomme: You walk like a dancer. Do you moonlight? I'll bet you're featured, huh? High dollar. Nice long hair down your back?
Catherine: What were you wearing that day, Howard?
Howard Delhomme: I like long hair.
Catherine: You recognize any of these rock formations?
Howard Delhomme: You could grow yours out more, but ...


Sara: What are we doing? I-is this logical? We have suspects picking their criminalists now.
Grissom: Well, we all want the same thing, Sara. Catherine may have a way in. It could be helpful.
Sara: So this looks 'helpful' to you?



Grissom: We're not finding anything. You said she was here.
Howard Delhomme: I'm getting confused. All these people here.
Catherine: You'd be less confused if it was just you and me?
Howard Delhomme: I see pictures of her on tv, in the magazines, the newspapers ...
Grissom: Mr. Delhomme, we're going to take you back to the station.
Howard Delhomme: I'd rather go home.
Catherine: Not yet.

Officer: Get in.
Catherine: Hey, uh ... We need him in one piece.


Catherine: All right, at least we can hold onto him for a while.
Grissom: Well, the public defender may have him out on bail by tomorrow morning.
Nick: Meanwhile, we still haven't found anything. Now, did anyone stop to think this guy might just be nuts?
Catherine: Well, until we find the body, he is all the evidence we've got.
Sara: We don't even know if he did it.
Catherine: Oh, I've got a good feeling about this.
Sara: So does the suspect. The only reason that we're out here today on this wild goose chase is because he wanted to hang out with you. 

Sara: It's weird.
Catherine: Believe me, I'd rather follow the evidence, but if it takes having the evidence follow me ...

Nick: The original missing persons call was mine and Sara's.
Catherine: I'm the Senior CSI here.
Grissom: Uh-uh. I'm the Senior CSI here.
Catherine: You want it?
Nick: Hold on, now. This is a career case, Grissom. You know Sara and I both put in for a promotion. If we work this, we're on departmental radar here.
Catherine: I got the most high-profile cases under my belt; I think that the Sheriff would rest easier knowing that I was heading it up.
Sara: It's a big department. There's a lot of room at the top.

Nick: We wouldn't ask for it if we couldn't do it.


Sara: Fine.

Catherine: You going to have my back?
Grissom: I always have your back.
Catherine: He wanted me. He's got me.
 
 
News Reporter :  Suspected murderer Howard Delhomme led police department personnel on a fruitless search for the body of Julie Waters. The search was called off in darkness with no indication that law enforcement personnel will continue to comb the red rock area.
Sheriff Rory Atwater: Just don't make me look bad.
Grissom: Hey, you set the stage. 
Sheriff Rory Atwater: Voters -- they like swift resolutions. If he's the guy, I need to say it.
Grissom: Well, let's find out if he is the guy first.

Sheriff Rory Atwater: Who's that with Catherine?
Grissom: Greg Sanders. DNA.
Sheriff Rory Atwater: Is he on the case?
Grissom: Yeah.
Sheriff Rory Atwater: Hell of a time to break out the 'B' team, isn't it?


Catherine: Remember, we're looking for anything this guy did last Thursday, November 6.
Greg: Find where he was seven days ago, and we'll find Julie.

Greg: So, I know Warrick's off. And Sara's pissed. Why not ask Nick to help?
Catherine: You want to learn. And you can start by not repeating my mistakes.
Greg: You mean Sam Braun?
Catherine: I screwed up. You covered me.
Greg: That's why I'm here?
Catherine: No, you're here because I want you to be here.
Greg:  Oh.
Las Vegas, NV
 555-0187
Greg: He was hungry. 'Big Snax.' A chain. He bought soda for 75 cents, snack for 75 cents, and a household item for $9.99. 

**82349349 SODA 0.75
**4237582 SNACK 0.75
**7234816 HOUSEHOLD 9.99
Catherine: Household item? That could be anything.

Catherine: Inucci motors.
Catherine: He checked out a car at 2:00 that afternoon and returned it the following morning at 9:00 am. 


Catherine: Why would Howard Delhomme have a receipt for one of your cars?
Manager: We hired him to photograph it.
Catherine: Did you instruct him to hire a model for the photo shoot?
Manager: A model? Never. Nothing in the photographs should be sexier than the automobile.
Catherine: Where is the car?
Manager: It's not just a car. It's a Maserati.
Catherine: Oh. Well, I appreciate that. I still need to look at it.
Manager: Honey ... The car has been detailed three times since Howard brought it back. It's getting primed for a whale tomorrow. You're wasting your time.
Catherine: You know what I did the last time I looked at a car? I cut out a
Manager: I need this car. Untouched.
Catherine: Oh, well, I can't promise you that. But what I can promise you is that for the next few hours ... 

Catherine: ... that car is mine.



Greg: Boy, what I could do with a car like this.

Catherine: Take these and compare them to the toothbrush that Sara collected from Julie Waters' apartment.

Catherine: Hey ... you want to gawk, do it on your own time. You want to work with me, stay focused.
Greg: Got it.


Sara: I don't believe this.
Nick: What does it matter? We're all on the same team.

Sara: Nick, it was our case. You said it: You wait a career for a case like this. Puts us on the front line for promotion.
Nick: Let's just find her, okay?
Sara: You know what the worst part about this whole thing is? Catherine knows I can do this case.
Nick: So can I.
Sara: I would take you and me over Catherine and Greg anytime. 

Nick: She's got Greg helping her?
Sara: Yeah.
Nick:  Well, the only way to learn is by getting out in the field, and if Greg helps find her, I'm okay with that.


Julie Waters:  The first day that I got here I went straight to the Tropicana. I walked right past all the slots and the tables, to the tiffany theater. I snuck in, and I just sat there in the back row, just watching.
 I didn't even see when the security guard came up to me, and he told me that I had to leave. You know, 'all rehearsals are closed.' 

Julie Waters:  So I got up. And then he turns to me, and he says, um ... 'go ahead and stay.'
Grissom: Is there anything on these tapes?
Catherine: Nothing. How's it going with the Sheriff?
Grissom: He wants to know why you're working with young Greg. You could have had Warrick, you know. Or asked Nick to help.
Catherine: I need someone without an agenda. 
Grissom: Like when Fung brought in Mazzola? Everybody lost.
Catherine: This isn't O.J.
Grissom: Could be. A trainee on a career case...
Catherine: I know what I'm doing.


Sara: Twelve missing girls so far over the last two years. Ten of them found dead.
Nick: How many were models?
Sara: None, except for this one. Robyn Knight. Day shift found her skeletal remains six months ago.

Nick: Washed up during heavy rains. Furnace Creek. 'Left in the morning for a photo shoot. Has a list of photographers in her day planner.'
M. KIMBLE
... 5/20 A BODY ... )

Nick: Guess whose name is on the list?
Sara: Howard Delhomme.


Catherine: Hey.

Catherine: How's it going?
Sara: Your case. You tell us.
Catherine: The odometer of the Maserati had 142 miles on it. The car dealer said that the vehicle only had nine miles when DelHomme picked it up. That means Delhomme drove it for 133 miles. If you do the math, that makes the search radius approximately 66 miles.
Nick: Julie's vehicle was found in the parking lot of Dante's Pizza, off Boulder highway. That's what? 12 miles away?

Catherine: It's probably where she hooked up with DelHomme.
Nick: So they hopped in the car and went to a photo shoot.
Sara: If they did do a photo shoot, and we don't even know that they did, where are the photos?

Greg: I finished the DNA from the car. Matches the reference Sara got from Julie's apartment. And the snack shop? It's the one on Granite's pass. I also found out what the household item was on the receipt.

Greg: It was a shovel.
Sara: He'd already killed her.
Catherine: That explains the blood and the hair in the back seat of the Maserati.
Nick: He drove her body to the snack bar and went back and buried her. Question is where?

Sara: Robyn Knight washed up near Furnace Creek.


Catherine: That's 'Devil's Smile.'


Greg: I understand why all these cadets are here. They have to be. But what's up with all these off-duty cops?
Catherine: Chance to be a hero. Girl's beautiful. These guys don't get many chances.
Greg: For what?
Catherine: To rescue a princess.
Cadet:  I think we may have found something!


Catherine: Hey, hey! Hold on. Nobody touch the crime scene. We do this right.

Catherine: All right ... I want you to search every trash can, drainage ditch, dump site between here and the city. We're looking for a shovel, a purse, anything else that looks like it belonged to her.
Officer: Okay ...


Nick:  Okay, Greg, diagram every rock on the pile. By trial time, defense will make us recreate this whole crime scene.



Catherine:  Sleeping Beauty.


;
 
 

Brass: Julie Waters?
Catherine:  Nature preserved her.

Catherine:  Loose sandy soil, shady area, November temperatures -- it was like a freezer. 


Catherine: A girl this beautiful wouldn't zip up this far.

Catherine: She's not wearing any makeup.
Sara: Maybe he cleaned her.
Nick: Yeah, and then he used these rocks to cover her so that she wouldn't wash up in a storm the way the other girl did.
Brass: What other girl?
Catherine: We think there may be a connection to the Robyn Knight case from last year.
Brass: Can we prove it?
Catherine: Well, only skeletal remains were found. There's nothing definitive to connect Delhomme to the murder.
Brass: Then we better make this one stick.



Brass: You lost your bargaining chip. We found her body.
Howard Delhomme:  And smart, too.
Arthur Scott : I advise you to remain silent.
Catherine: Howard, just help us with one thing. How did this happen?
Brass: You're pretty composed, Howard. I mean, you kill her. You go buy a shovel, a soda. It's thirsty work, digging a grave, huh?
Howard Delhomme: That's not how it happened.
Catherine: I understand. Photographer. Model. Had to get the light just right.
Howard Delhomme: I'd like to photograph you.
Catherine: Mmm ... can't do anything until we figure this out.
Howard Delhomme:  It was an accident. I wanted to move the car ... and I didn't see her.

Brass: Why was she even there?
Howard Delhomme: Miss Waters had modeled for my client on previous occasions.
Catherine: Well, the problem I have with that is the dealer representative specifically stated that no model was hired to appear in the photos.
Howard Delhomme: I was shooting ... new head shots for her. She was all out. It was a favor. I'm a professional. Ask any of my models.
Catherine: So, you took photographs of Julie?
Howard Delhomme: A couple of rolls.
Catherine: Any idea where they are?
Howard Delhomme:  Mmm ... no.
Catherine: Well, if you remember, let me know. 
Howard Delhomme:  Okay.


Robbins: She has no injuries consistent with a car accident. Cause of death is, uh, positional asphyxia.

Catherine: Guy we're looking at was 180-plus.
Robbins: Sufficient weight.
Catherine: He must have hit her, which ripped her earring out.
Robbins: Occurred antemortem.

Robbins:  Close to time of death. Only bleeding injury.

Catherine: Was there any evidence of sexual assault?
Robbins: Lots of trauma. Collected a kit.
Catherine: Anything else?
Robbins: Yeah, tox came back with a blood alcohol content of .18.
Catherine: On the day of her dinner with the producers of Real Vegas Showgirls. She'd be like Dorothy racing for Oz. There's no way that she slowed down to get drunk.
Robbins: Decomposing blood can generate ethanol postmortem.

Robbins:  As the cell walls lyse and contact with the sugar in alcohol, bacterial growth produces the byproducts of carbon dioxide and ethanol.

Robbins: It's inexact, but the body's capable of producing somewhere around .08 grams percent on its own.
Catherine: But in order to have a postmortem level of .18 ...
Robbins: Well, she had a head start.
Catherine: So, that's three shots in an hour? He could have forced her to drink.


Catherine: Robbins rushed the protocol. Released Julie's body to her parents.
Grissom: So they could take her home to provo.
Catherine: Mmm. Thousands of girls come to vegas every year just hoping to beat the odds.
Grissom: Mmm, some of them do.
Catherine: And some of them don't.

Grissom: Multiple abrasions on her cervix.
Catherine: Sexual assault kit had no semen, no trace evidence.
Grissom: So, it's possible he used a foreign object on her.


Catherine: Now I'm confused. Julie Waters died of positional asphyxia. That means that someone sat on her chest, and ... two years ago, you were arrested for forced oral cop. 
Howard Delhomme: You don't think I'd ever do something like that, do you?
Arthur Scott : My client went to trial and was found not guilty.
Howard Delhomme: I liked Julie. I took a lot of photographs of her. Even Julie's mother said that no one captured her on film the way I did.
Catherine: Just one more thing from the autopsy report. Julie was drinking.
Howard Delhomme: She wanted to loosen up, you know?

Julie Waters:  You got what you needed. Now, get what you want. Come on.

Howard Delhomme: She never said stop.
Catherine: Why didn't you tell me this before?
Howard Delhomme: I was afraid of what you'd think of me.

Arthur Scott :  The Sheriff has tried my client in the media. But right now, evidence that will exonerate Howard Delhomme from these false charges is being handed over to the authorities.
Receptionist:  CSI Willows, you have a visitor at the front desk. Willows, you have a visitor ... 

James Delhomme: My brother sent this to me, and his attorney told me to give it to you.

Catherine: Just set it on the counter.  Could you please get me a pair of gloves and an evidence bag? 
Receptionist: Sure.
Catherine: Thanks.
James Delhomme: I can show you what's in there.
Catherine: Okay.

Catherine: When did you get this?
James Delhomme: Today. 

Catherine: It was mailed two days ago. There's no return address. How do you know your brother sent this?
James Delhomme: That's his handwriting.
Catherine: Was there a note in the envelope?
James Delhomme: Yeah. Uh ...


Catherine: 'If I get arrested.' Now, why would he think that?


Archie Johnson: How are these supposed to help him beat a murder rap?

Catherine: I'm guessing he's trying to create an alibi 
Archie Johnson: Four rolls, all of Julie.
Catherine: Something's off, though. White shoes, black stockings, and all ripped up. Not to mention these aren't the clothes that we found her in.

Catherine: Now, what is this?
Archie Johnson: It's a nude.
Catherine: Is that Julie's body?
Archie Johnson: If it is, it's double exposed. I'll have to get them printed to be sure.

Sara: Cadet got a hit off a trash can. I brought it in. You want me to get Greg?
Catherine: Archie, let me know when you've got these printed up.
Archie Johnson: Yeah.



Sara: There's a lot of head shots here.
Catherine: Here's our little lie. Delhomme said that he took her out to photograph her because she had no more head shots. Needed new ones.

Catherine: Explains how he cleaned her up.

Sara: Doesn't explain why. Well, here's her day planner.

Sara: Let's see, there's only two things written in her book the day she disappeared -- 'Real Vegas Showgirl Producer's dinner 7:00 P.M.,' And the other -- 'Meet Howard, Dante's Pizza, 2:00 P.M.' That would have given her plenty of time to get back for the producer's dinner.
Catherine: Here's her clothes.

Catherine: First thing you learn as a model -- bring several outfits with you. You never know what the photographer might like.

Catherine: Here's our big lie. Delhomme said when she injured her earlobe, she was in her underwear and she was barefoot.

Sara: I think Howard's been lying to you.


Sara: $65?
Catherine: Capital investment. Our victim hadn't made it to the show yet. Her life was all about after the show. The right guy, the right meal, and after that ...
Sara: It's a tough way to get ahead.

Catherine: Did your father ever tell you you were pretty?
Sara:  I guess.
Catherine: He ever tell you you were smart?
Sara: Yeah.
Catherine: So, it probably never occurred to you that you wouldn't be successful. If all you ever hear is that you're gorgeous, you can let everything else fall away, and it can leave you in a very dangerous place. Okay, the bloodstain on the top of the foot is round. Gravitational. On the bottom of the foot, it's smeared.
Sara: There's no blood on these. She wasn't wearing them.
Catherine: The only way we can get this guy is if the evidence counters every one of his lies.


Catherine: That matches the drop on the top of her stocking. Separate bloodstain. Separate drop.

Sara: She was standing. 
 Sara: That makes him a liar again.

Catherine: And there was none to help her.
 
 
Archie: This is from the fifth roll of film Delhomme took with your vic. 
Nick: What is that, double exposure?
Archie: Yup. It's two separate images.
Nick: Separate them?

Nick: Do you have Catherine's crime scene photos of the car?
Archie: Mm-hmm.
Nick: Just give me the instrument panel and put it side-by-side with the double-exposed instrument panel.

Nick: Now just the speedometers.

Nick: Does that look like the same car to you?


Sara: She looks fine here.

Sara: And here, it's like she's not quite sure what's going on.

Sara: Then here, uh ... 
Catherine: She knew.
Sara: We have looked through every piece of evidence on this case. Whatever caused these abrasions is gone.
Catherine: Well, it's got to be here. We found this guy in pieces, and putting himself together ever since. If we don't find something, he's going to walk out of here and forget about this like a bad dream.

Nick: Hey, y'all. I got something on the double-exposed roll of film.


Catherine: The odometers don't match.
Nick: No, on the left is you. Crime scene photo from the Maserati.
Sara: What about the other one?
Nick: Well, it's unknown. Must have used a picture he already had for the double exposure.

Sara: Guys, if it's a different car, maybe it's a different girl.
Catherine: What's on the rest of the double-exposed roll?
Nick: A female body, naked. No face to go with an ID.
Catherine: Archie, do you have the SART photos from the autopsy?
Archie: Yeah.
Catherine: We need to compare bodies.

Catherine: Uh, why don't you guys take a break?

Sara: Uh, it's okay. These photos don't bother me.
Catherine: They bother me.
 

Sara: Well?
Catherine: The naked pictures weren't of Julie.
Sara: So, what? Delhomme fakes a bunch of nude pictures and sends them to his brother?
Catherine: At this point I don't care why he did it. What do you have?
Sara: Nothing. Absolutely nothing. If he raped her with a foreign object, it is not on this table.

Sara: Do you want me to leave you alone so you can do it yourself?
Catherine: Look, the entire lab didn't need to see pictures of Julie's v*g1n* plastered all over the screen.
Sara: So, Nick and I are the whole lab now? That's not it, Catherine, and you know it.
Catherine: I saw the look in Howard's eye. I used to make my living off that look. He wanted me. We needed him. I decided to exploit that situation. And as angry as that made you, when you're in my shoes, you'll do the same thing.

Sara: I already checked that.


Catherine: We're looking at the wrong evidence. His initial arrest was for brandishing a firearm.





Howard Delhomme: I fired my lawyer.
Catherine: We waiting on a new one?
Howard Delhomme: No.

Catherine: Is that what you like? Being alone with a woman?

Howard Delhomme: A woman like you.
Catherine: Take her out in the middle of nowhere.

Julie Waters: You know I think I got to go. 

Julie Waters: Howard, it's getting late. I got to go. I have a meeting back in town.
 

Howard Delhomme: She posed naked for me. My brother gave you the pictures. I never forced her to do anything.
Catherine: You slapped her.

Catherine: Then you violated her.

Julie Waters: No more pictures. HOWARD DELHOMME: No more pictures.


Catherine: Julie Waters' cervical tissue was on your gun sight. 

Catherine: What's the matter? Couldn't swallow it when you saw her all over the TV?

Howard Delhomme: God. You bitch. You ... bitch!


Paula Francis: Prosecutors will seek a life sentence without the possibility of parole for Howard Delhomme in the murder of Julie Waters.


Grissom: You did good, Cath.
Catherine: I had help.
Grissom: How are things with you and Nick and Sara?
Catherine: They're good. They're pros.
Paula Francis: This case has been one of the most high-profiled in this reporter's memory. Never before have I seen ... 
Catherine: All he had to do was stay quiet.
Grissom: Unlike Robyn Knight, Julie Waters became Las Vegas' postmortem sweetheart. The media as moral conscience.
Catherine: She couldn't get away from him and he couldn't get away from her.

Julie Waters:  I think that is why I would be perfect for your show. Well, at least, that's what my dad thinks. He always says, 'Julie, people can't help but love you.' 
Julie Waters:  And it's true.
