
 
 


Interrogator: I'm going to make this really simple. Who are you working with?
Ernie Menlo: I'm, uh, unemployed at the moment.
Interrogator: You got any idea what we did to chumps like you back in the day?
Ernie Menlo:  Uh, no. Look, could you put the A.C. on in here or somethin'? That, or just, uh, let me go. I mean, you can't keep me in here. It's against the law.
Interrogator: There's no law in this room.

Ernie Menlo:  You can't touch me.
 
 


Brass: Two shots to the back of the head. Double tap.

Grissom: He's wearing a wig and a fat suit. It's not Halloween, is it?
Catherine: In this town, it's always Halloween.
Brass: 'Ernie Menlo.'  Well, he wasn't carrying a very 'fat' wad.
Catherine: Rolex is still on his wrist. Probably rules out robbery.  What do you think?
Grissom: I don't know. 

Grissom: I'm looking for a sign.
 
 
Catherine:  Yeah ... gotta be.
 Okay. Thanks.

Catherine: So, uh ... Brass ran the ID. There's no 'Ernie Menlo' in the system. Fake.
Grissom: GSR in the wound track. No stellate tearing. Gunshots appear to be close range, but non-contact.

David Phillips: No exit wounds.

Catherine: Well, I don't see any shell casings either. So maybe the killer picked them up.
Grissom:  Professional hit?


David Phillips: Major fractures and lacerations on his hands. 
Grissom: Lividity's consistent with body position. I don't think it was a body dump.
Catherine: So either he walked in or he got a ride. Either way, this gravel and glass makes good evidence.

Grissom: I'll go ahead and bag a sample.


 



# 3232
Federal Identification Number: 88-0513636
Grissom: 'Rampart Casino.' Well, his day started out good. He won $436,278. 
David Phillips: Rampart's always been lucky for me.
Grissom: So where is this money?


Catherine: I found some tire treads. I think the vehicle was making a three-point turn.
Grissom: And it seems that robbery may be a motive after all.

Catherine: Wow!
Federal identification number: 88-0513636
Catherine: 'Rampart.' Guess I'll go check that out.
Grissom: You can't. We found the body under the WHISKEY TOWN sign and the guy just cleaned out the Rampart Casino.
Catherine: Coincidence.
Grissom: Even if it is, they're still Sam Braun's casinos.
Catherine: Why is that a problem?
Grissom: He's your father. You can't be on this case.
Catherine: Gil ... 
Grissom: Catherine, you have to go home.





Sara: No ticks. It's authentic.

Sara: Logo sticker isn't worn down. Watch could be new.
Warrick: Guy hits the jackpot, has to celebrate. Goes and buys some bling-bling to impress the strippers with.

Warrick: What have you got?

Warrick: Air conditioned socks.

Lyric: ... I can hear the sound of violins 


Croupier: Insurance?
Lyric: Long before it begins ... dealer wins.
Croupier: Craps.

Croupier: Seven!


Croupier: Twenty-four is even.


Brass: So, I talked to the pit boss who signed the vic's W-2. He was pulling surveillance. He remembers the big winner.

Brass: Sam Braun! What a surprise!
Sam Braun: The fat kid ... he was cheating.
Brass: What do you do about it?
Sam Braun: Well, we had a little chat. I didn't kill him.
Grissom: Did you take him to the box?
Sam Braun: Gentlemen, these days, we call it 'The Holding Room'.


Grissom: Smells like the cleaning crew just left.

Sam Braun: Security brought the kid down here around 2:00 A.M. I came in. We talked. He walked out around three.


Sam Braun: It's all in there.
Grissom: Well, good. We'll look at the tapes a little later.


Grissom: Would you turn off the lights, please?

Sam Braun: It's well within my rights to have a discussion with anyone in my place. 

Sam Braun: The kid was cheating. I wanted to know how.

Sam Braun: Nobody wins 400k at roulette. What's your system?
Ernie Menlo: Clean living... good karma. But either you call the cops and book me now, or I'm out of here.
Sam Braun: You're no longer welcome at the Rampart.
Ernie Menlo: Awesome. Okay, I'll take my money and go.



Sam Braun: Do you have any idea the house advantage in roulette? 
Grissom: Five point two six percent. Albert Einstein had a theory about roulette. He said the only way to win at roulette is to steal the money from the table when the croupier isn't looking.
Sam Braun: There's always someone looking.

Grissom: Well, maybe it was an inside job, Sam. Maybe somebody bought off one of your guys.

Sam Braun: I'm curious. What bothers you more? The fact that you couldn't pin a murder on me or that Catherine cashed my check?

Sam Braun: There were no strings on that money.

Grissom: Just because you can't see something doesn't mean it's not there.
Sam Braun:  Believe whatever you like. That kid walked out of here with my money. If you figure out how he ripped me off, would you let me know?
 
 
Robbins: For what it's worth, these bruises correspond to the holes in his sock.

Warrick: Well, he's been worked over pretty good. He's got a nice fat lip.
Robbins: Yeah.  There was a good clot in the wound, and the tissues were contused. I'd say it occurred at least an hour or two before death. I teased out a couple of small-caliber projectiles from his brain.

Robbins: One was embedded in the right frontal cortex. The other lodged in the first cervical vertebra.
Warrick: It's copper-washed lead. Must be a .22.
Robbins: You know, historically, .22s were the hit man's bullet of choice.

Robbins:  They have the energy to enter into the cranial vault, but not enough to exit, so they just ricochet around inside, shredding the gray matter until they stop.

Warrick: Nice.
Robbins: There's also extensive crush injury to both hands, with fractures of the metacarpals and the phalanges.

Robbins: Bruises appear perimortem.
Warrick: Any idea what might have caused that kind of damage?

Robbins: Given the fracture pattern, I'd guess it was some sort of blunt object. 
Warrick: Maybe a ball peen hammer.
Robbins: What gets you to that?
Warrick: They used to tell me back in the days, the first time you got caught cheating, they'd give you a couple whacks on the hand with a ball peen hammer.
Robbins: Ow.
Warrick: The second time, you'd lose a limb.
Robbins: Third time?
Warrick: A long walk in the desert with a shovel.
 
 
Grissom: A computer in his shoe.
Warrick: As far as I could tell, it's a wireless receiver. It picks up a signal, solenoids drive the points up against the guy's foot, tells him what number to bet.
Grissom: Based on what?
Warrick: I don't know. Archie's working on it right now.
Grissom: Well, if our vic was the receiver, there has to be a transmitter.

Sara: Hey, I got an ID on our vic.  A Teddy Keller. Everyone who buys a rolex gets registered at the point of purchase. So I ran the serial number. He bought the watch at the forum shops two days ago. And I got his home address.
Grissom: Well, his driver's license was fake, so, this could be fake, too.
Sara: A fake ID is for scamming a casino. A baller puts his real name on a roley. 
 
Sara: What? He rubs off.
 
 
Joseph Greene : Teddy Deller. That's apartment 27. Is he in some kind of trouble? Hey, John.

John:  Hey, Mr. Green.

Brass: When was the last time you saw him?
Joseph Greene : I don't know. He's got a roommate -- Davis Mullins. Oh, yeah, they eat a tremendous amount of pizza. 
Tremendous amount of pizza and calzone. I feel like bopping that delivery guy every time he buzzes the gate.

Joseph Greene : Here we are.

Joseph Greene : Anybody home?

Joseph Greene : Hello?
Brass: I guess the roommate's out, huh?



Warrick: It's freezing in here.

Warrick: Get a load of this wheel. It's regulation. These things run about 1,500 bucks.
Brass: Well, they cleared almost half a mil. It's a good investment.
Warrick: Yeah.

Warrick: These guys definitely had a system.

Brass: Hey, Rick, you might want to check this out.

Warrick: Looks like the roommate's home after all.

 
Warrick: Two taps to the head. Deja vu.

Brass: These guys liked to play dress-up.
Warrick: You find any shoes back there?

Brass: I'm looking.


Warrick: Blood smear here.
David Phillips: Maybe the killer tried to clean up.

Warrick: That's ridiculous. Why bother?
David Phillips: Okay.
Warrick: Have a distinctive white mark on his right shoulder.

Warrick: What do you make of that?
David Phillips: You already shot me down once.
Warrick: Look, uh, it could be right.
David Phillips: Thanks.
Warrick: Can you make sure that gets to trace?
David Phillips: Yeah. Sure.

Warrick: Hey, what're you doing, touching that? You got gloves?
Brass: Relax. I got it covered. Hey, Rick, remember the time you said you could get a print off of air?
Warrick: Yeah.
Brass: Check this out.
 
 
Chris Bezich: So you just got the day off? Just ... just like that?
Catherine: Are you complaining?
Chris Bezich: No. You just seem a little pissed off about it.  I like it.

Catherine: Hmm.

Catherine: You like that?
Chris Bezich: Depends on what you're gonna do with it. 

Chris Bezich: Pretty expensive taste for a public servant.

Sam Braun: She can afford it. 
 
Sam Braun:  You going to introduce him?

Chris Bezich: Mr. Braun. Chris Bezich. It's a pleasure to meet you. Your hosts, they-they send a lot of your whales to my club, Acid Drop.

Sam Braun:  That's great.
Catherine:  Uh-uh. Just give us a minute.
Chris Bezich: Okay.

Catherine: What do you want?
Sam Braun: Mugs, I heard you had some time off because of me.
Catherine: I could get fired for even having this conversation.
Sam Braun: Relax. Vegas is a small town. I'm always running into people I know.

Catherine: Just cut to the chase, Sam.
Sam Braun: Some people in this town think I'm a murderer.
Catherine: Some people in this town know you're a murderer.

Sam Braun:  I did not kill those kids. I did not!
Catherine:  Kids? How do you know there's more than one?
Chris Bezich:  Cath ...

Catherine: I'm fine.

Sam Braun:  You're not impressing her. I'll be in touch.



Chris Bezich:  So. You and Sam Braun ...
Catherine: He slept with my mother.

 
David Hodges: The glass fragments you found at the apartment building are primarily lead-based. Different curvatures and textures with traces of florescent powder, phosphorous and mercury.
Grissom: Neon glass.
David Hodges: I checked out that graveyard once. Pretty interesting.
Grissom: The comparison?
David Hodges: Your sample's consistent with the glass collected from the first crime scene.
Grissom: See? That connects the two murders. We've got a timeline.


Sara: Hey.

Nick: Hey.

Sara: Everything okay?

Nick: This is about the key CSI position. Grissom recommended me.

Sara: Congratulations.

Nick: It's not necessary. Position was cut. Budget had room for the new promotion or a new qiagen, bio robot ez-1. Greg will be thrilled.

Sara:  Yeah.

Nick: Oh, well, it's just an honor to be nominated, right?


Warrick: Grissom, I have been in Vegas my whole life. I've known guys who counted cards, hedged bets, crushed a poker table with a lowball pair. I've seen guys beat the house with their hands ... but never with their toes.

Grissom: Transmitter and receiver.
Warrick: I was reading about these silicon valley types in the '80s called the ... eudaemonic enterprises. Have you heard of them?
Grissom: The Eudaemon. Aristotle's presiding spirit of rationality.
Warrick: They say they figured out a way to beat the roulette wheel. Not through a betting system, but through physics.
Grissom: It's simple in principle.

Grissom: A fixed mass in a known orbit.


Grissom:  As long as you can account for all the forces-- air resistance, friction, gravity -- you can land a probe on mars.


Warrick:  Well, they say that every roulette wheel is a little different. Tilt, wobble, bounce ...

Warrick:  So, the guy with the transmitter does the calibration, clocks the position of the ball, ... 

Warrick:  ... hits the switch ... 

Warrick:  ... and the computer does the rest.

Warrick:  Plays out the spin in milliseconds, ... 

Warrick:  ... predicts the result, ... 

Warrick:  ... and then transmits a code to the receiver about where that ball will land.

Player: All right, big money, big money!

Teddy Keller: $1,000 on four, 22, five and 17.

Croupier: It's number 22.


Warrick: This setup gives you a 44-percent advantage over the house. For every hundred these guys bet, they're pulling in $2,200 an hour.
Grissom: Nice return. But it's a complicated system.

Nick: Complicated, huh? Maybe for a couple of pizza majors. But not for an electrical engineering grad student. AFIS got a hit on the print off the transmitter in the shoe. 
** LVMP RECORD
** LAS VEGAS
** III NEVADA ONLY RECORD
Nick: Seth Landers. WLVU. Got busted a few years ago for making fake IDs.
 
 
Brass: Seth Landers doesn't have a roommate. No answer at his door. Guy's in the wind.

Nick: Well, If someone hit my boys all mob-style I'd disappear, too, you know?
Brass: Yeah, I guess we're gonna have to do this the hard way. I'll put out a broadcast.

Brass: Wait a minute. 

Brass: Hey, kid ... you know Seth Landers?

Nick: Uh-oh.

Nick: Stop!


Seth Landers:  Don't kill me! Don't kill me! Please! I'll do whatever Mr. Braun wants! 

Seth Landers:  Please don't kill me! Please!

Brass: Las Vegas police. You Seth Landers?
Seth Landers: Yeah.
Brass: Seth Landers?
Seth Landers:  Yes!
Brass: Let's go.


;
 
 
Brass: Jacking Sam Braun's casino at roulette -- that was gutsy... and smart. And since you weren't the one placing the bet, I guess that makes you the smart one.
Warrick: Your boys right here -- Teddy and Davis, the candid camera.


Seth Landers: They came to me. It was their idea.

Warrick: Judging from what we found in your apartment, looks like you made their idea work.

Seth Landers: I built the computers to put in the shoes. That's all.
Brass: Your partners cleared half a mil on your skills. Dollar signs get involved, things get ugly, huh?
Seth Landers: Scam was 20 to 30k a night, max. We hit Pike's. Next day, Tangiers. Everything was great. We made fifty grand, and then Teddy and Davis got greedy. You can't crush a roulette table like that, and not expect someone to notice.
Warrick: The Tangiers, Pike's, Rampart ... these are all Sam Braun's places. You got something against him?
Seth Landers: No. His casinos are old school. They're low tech.  There's less interference for my gear.
Warrick: Your gear ...  What was your cut?
Seth Landers: I didn't get one. I just got paid for my supplies and my time. That's all.
Warrick:  Yeah, picture that!
Seth Landers: It was a challenge. I just wanted to see if I could make it work.
Brass: Any idea where the money is?
Seth Landers: Why don't you ask Sam Braun?


Seth Landers:  When they took teddy to the 'box,' I was sure we were busted.

Seth Landers:  Davis freaked. He split.

Seth Landers:  And then when he came out with the money, everything was great.

Seth Landers:  For about two seconds.

Security Guard: Come on, pal. Let's take a walk.
Seth Landers:  They grabbed him and took him outside.

Seth Landers: That was the last time I saw either one of them.
 
 
Catherine: What are you doing?
Grissom: I'm testing my podiatric dexterity. What are you doing?
Catherine: Uh, you know those tracks that we found at the neon graveyard?

Grissom: The ones from the case you're not working on?
Catherine: Yeah, those. Sam ... used to be a caddy man. He would drive a new one every year. These days, he's being driven.
Grissom: And you know this because ... ?
Catherine: I saw him.  He came to me.
Grissom: And you walked away, I hope.
Catherine: I made him walk away from me. Right into a stretch limo with a big turning radius.
Grissom: That doesn't prove anything. Besides, any evidence that comes from you is tainted.
Catherine: Then have it come from you. Warrant shouldn't be hard to get. Especially if the call comes from someone whose character is above reproach.




Sara: Nick said the budget for the promotion was cut. 
Grissom: 240 inches-- 20 feet. 
Sara: He also said you recommended him.

Grissom: I did.


Sara: Possible neon glass fragment. 





Sara: You said you didn't have a problem with me.
Grissom: I don't. 

Grissom: I thought that Nick was the best candidate for the position.
Sara: Why?
Grissom: Because he didn't care whether he got the job or not.

Sara: That's a stupid reason.

Grissom: We've got blood.
 
 
Warrick: Handle your scandal.

Brass: Sam Braun? You're under arrest for the murder of Teddy Keller.

Sam Braun: Is this some kind of joke?
Brass: I'm not laughing.

Sam Braun: Call my lawyer. This won't take long.

Brass: Sam? I'm parked out front.
 
 
Lawyer: As much as my client appreciates your flair for the dramatic, the show's over, gentlemen. What do you have?
Grissom: The tire patterns at the scene of Teddy Keller's murder are consistent with the wheel base and turning radius of your client's limousine.
Lawyer: As well as every other limo in Vegas.
Grissom: We also found neon glass embedded in all four tires.
Lawyer: The whole town's a construction site. It's a tenuous link, at best.
Grissom: Well, then ... how did his blood end up in the back of your client's limousine?

Brass: You waited until Teddy cleared the security cameras ...

Sam Braun: We're not through talking, kid.

Brass: And then you took him for a ride ... Vegas style. Just like the old days, huh.


Teddy Keller: Please. Please. Let me go.

Teddy Keller: Please. Please.

Sam Braun: Let me show you what I do to cheaters.
Teddy Keller:  No, no!



Lawyer: My client offered the young man a ride home. They stopped briefly at the neon graveyard, where they held a private conversation regarding the ethics of defrauding a casino.

Brass: That must have been some chat. We know he left the casino with the money.
Lawyer: The young man returned the money as a sign of respect for my client and his position in the community.
Brass: I'm sure he did.

Brass: So, what next? You gonna tell me you're being set up? It happens to you a lot, huh, Sam?


David Hodges: Your smudge from that second kid's shirt -- I got a spectral library match to Sherwin-Williams Everclean Interior paint, navajo white.


Warrick: Anything distinctive?
David Hodges: I would have mentioned it. Sometimes a paint sample's just a paint sample.
Warrick: Yeah.

Warrick: You still liking Braun for these murders?
Grissom: Yeah, why? Something change?
Warrick: I'm thinking Seth Landers and his pals had a woody for him. I went back to the Rampart, and I took some electronic noise measurements. The place is a mess of interference. Electronics in old casinos aren't shielded.
Grissom: So, you're saying that the shoe computers would've worked better in one of the new casinos on the strip?
Warrick: Definitely. A kid as smart as Seth wouldn't make a mistake like that.
Grissom: Then it was intentional.

Grissom: Maybe personal.
s*x: M
-ATTEMPTED ... 
 
 
Joseph Greene:  Come on, give me something. Somehting, something ... anything ...

Brass: So, this is your casino of choice? That's what your tenants said.
Warrick: Sir, could you tell us about Seth Landers?
Joseph Greene: That's my son. Is he okay?
Brass: Let's stop playing dumb, Mr. Greene, huh? 
Joseph Greene: Would you mind stepping away from the machine? You're st-staring over my shoulder, you're looking at me. You're jinxing me, and I'm gonna have to ... 

Brass: How's that? Is that better?

Brass: What happened to your hand?
Joseph Greene: I had an accident a long time ago.
Warrick: Sam Braun do that with a hammer?
Joseph Greene: I'm sorry, I don't know who that person is.  I don't like to talk about my hand, okay?
Brass: Well, that's too bad. 'Cause you know what? Today ... this is your life.
 
 



Brass: Joe Greene -- aka Joe Landers. They're old friends.

Brass: Sorry to break up the reunion, fellas. Mr. Greene ... Mr. Landers ... which is it?

Joseph Greene: It's Greene.
Brass: Come with me.

Sam Braun:  Do your hands hurt when it rains, Joe?

Joseph Greene: Do I know you?


Brass: The exclusion/exemption clause means you don't get to gamble. Period. Not even the quarter slots at the gas-and-go.
Joseph Greene: Don't you have something better to do? Like find out who murdered those two kids in number 27.
Brass: You got any theories? It was your apartment building. Your son Seth fingered the guy you were sitting next to. A guy you don't know. The guy who put you in the black book.
Joseph Greene: No. The gaming commission put me in the black book.
Brass: Yeah, for cheating, Joe.
Joseph Greene:  I did not cheat. I did not cheat. I didn't have to cheat. I beat the casinos. I beat 'em, and they ganged up on me, and, uh ... that was it, they didn't want me there anymore.
Brass: No, you beat Sam Braun's casino and he ended your gambling career. You're barred from the casinos for life. That sounds like motive to me.
Joseph Greene: Motive for what, playing the quarter slots?
Brass: Come on.
Joseph Greene: Come on.

Brass: Okay, look, here's a quiz. Teddy Keller, Davis Mullins and your son Seth were caught fleecing the Rampart. Now two of 'em are dead.
Joseph Greene: I had no idea what those two boys were doing. But I will tell you this -- I will tell you that my son is a good kid, he's a good boy.
Brass: Then why'd you put him in the middle of your action? Why'd you use him to settle an old score?  Maybe Sam Braun's innocent. Maybe Seth whacked his partners because he got caught.
Joseph Greene: Stop looking at my son. Stop looking at me, and start looking at Sam.


Officer Metcalf: Garbage detail called it in. Says they didn't touch it.
Nick: Well, this is Seth Landers' dorm. 
 
Nick: There's a lot of garbage build up. When was the last pick-up?
Officer Metcalf: Day before yesterday. End of finals party last night.
Nick: Looks like blood. Let's hope the killer left his DNA behind. .22 revolver, two live rounds, four expended. Should be able to pull some prints off it.
Officer Metcalf: Gun's a relic.
Nick: Doesn't matter if it still works.




Nick: There you go.

Warrick: The test fire matches the bullet found in Teddy Keller's body.
Nick: So we've got our murder weapon.
Warrick: Yeah, we found our murder weapon. I don't know the kid thinks up this elaborate scheme to cheat the casinos. Then he kills his partners. But he dumps his gun at his dorm?
Nick: An rg .22. That's not a very bad ass' first weapon of choice.
Warrick: No, it's a small caliber weapon for an up-close-and-personal hit. I don't really see the kid pulling a Gotti.
Nick: Okay, two victims, two taps to the head. But the loads are different.
Warrick: Well, maybe he ran out of ammo. Went back and bought another brand.
Nick: And reloaded, yeah.
Warrick: The bullets that were found in Teddy Keller's skull, were copper washed cci .22s.
Nick: And the two rounds found in Davis Mullins were Remington Brass washed. So, based on the position of the cylinder Remingtons were fired first?


Warrick: But that would mean that Davis Mullins was killed in the apartment before Teddy Keller was killed in the graveyard. The timeline's off.


Greg: Blood on the shirt is a match to Davis Mullins. Epithelials from inside the shirt belong to Seth Landers.

Grissom: What?
Greg: That means Sam Braun's innocent. This time. Are you disappointed?
Grissom: It's the evidence.


Seth Landers: Hey, what's up, man? Am I going to get out of here?
Warrick: No. Where did you go after Teddy Keller was taken?
Seth Landers: You know what, you keep on asking me all these questions, but my lawyer says I'm not even supposed to talk to you.
Warrick: Okay, you don't have to talk to me. But you got to know you're looking at two counts of murder.
Seth Landers: What? I didn't kill anybody. This is crazy.
Warrick: Then talk to me. Tell me what happened. Where did you go? For real.
Seth Landers: I waited outside the casino for an hour. Teddy didn't show up so I went to his place.

Seth Landers: Davis, where are you, man? Braun got Teddy.

Seth Landers: Davis, wake up, man!


Warrick: We found the murder weapon that was used to kill your two partners. It was wrapped in your bloody t-shirt. Can you tell me about that?
Seth Landers: I have never used a gun in my life.
Warrick: It was found outside of your campus apartment.
Seth Landers:  Can't be.
Warrick: Unless you clear it up.
Seth Landers: Um ... the rule was that if something went wrong, we were supposed to just go home.

Seth Landers: Uh... so I found the body, got blood all over my shirt, so... I gave it to my dad. I gave my dad the shirt. He's the one who had the shirt.

Seth Landers: Dad! Dad!

Seth Landers: Davis ... Davis is dead.

Seth Landers: I think they got Teddy, too. Braun's on to us. What am I going to do?
Joseph Greene: Give me your shirt. Go back to school and lay low.


Warrick: Are you trying to tell me that your own father set you up?
Seth Landers: The truth is, I just wanted him to like me. But I'm not him. You know, I'm never going to be him. Counting cards and the poker face. They say it's a skill, but it's a gift. Till Sam Braun took it away.
Warrick: So you went after Sam Braun to prove something to your old man.

Seth Landers: Yeah. I mean, I went after the whale, but I skinned it. I did what my dad could never do.

Warrick: Does your father own a .22?



Warrick: I got nothing.

Grissom: Maybe he was expecting us.
Warrick: You think he cleaned up?

Grissom: Well, if he did ... he missed a spot.
 
 


Warrick: Nice and new in here.

Warrick: Sherwin Williams, latex flat. Navajo white. What do you know.  Same as the paint on the shirt.

Warrick: What's in the bag, 'dad'?

Grissom: Money from ... the Tangiers ... money from Pike's. Bet there's fifty grand in there.

Grissom: Plus ... what could be paint and blood smears.
Warrick: That blood could match the stains we found on Davis' shirt. I don't understand why he had to kill his kids. They were making a lot of money off of Braun. Dad was getting his revenge.
Grissom: My guess, stopped being about the money.

Joe Greene: Yeah.
Teddy Keller:  Hey, Joe, it's Teddy.
Joe Greene: Oh, hi, Teddy.
Teddy Keller:  Sam's on to us. He took me to neon graveyard.
Joe Greene: Slow down, slow down.
Teddy Keller:  I had to give him the money. I thought he was going to kill me.
Joe Greene: Don't move. I'll be there in a minute.



Davis Mullins: Mr. Greene, what's up, man?

Joe Greene: Hey ... Hey ...


Warrick: Why settle for the money, when you can frame up your worst enemy for murder.


Teddy Keller: Hey, what the hell took you so long?

Teddy Keller: Joe ... Joe we got a problem. Sam ... Sam he ... 

Joe Greene: Turn around and walk.


Catherine: Sam. Could I buy you some dinner?
Sam Braun: Feeling a little guilty?
Seth Landers: Hey, Sam.  Where's the ice?
Sam Braun: Next to the tv, kid.

Sam Braun: You want to catch a cheater -- hire one.
Catherine: Right. He gets to work off his debt.
Sam Braun: On way or another, I always get my money's worth.
