

 
 
Grissom: Deerstalker cap ... violin ... meerschaum pipe ... even a Persian slipper with tobacco stuffed in the toe, I imagine.
 
Grissom: All in all, a meticulous recreation of 221-B Baker Street: Residence of the world's greatest detective, Sherlock Holmes.
Brass: Also known as Dennis Kingsley, delivery guy. What do you think?
Grissom: Ask Greg. It's his case. It's his final proficiency -- emphasis on the 'final'.
Brass: Okay, Dr. Watson, run it.
Greg: Victim's in a relaxed position in front of a fake fire. Alcohol. Solitude.
 
Greg: Powder burns around the entrance wound. Close to contact shot.
 
Greg: It all suggests suicide.
Brass: Well, if he killed himself, where's the weapon?
 
Greg: Huh ... family and friends who discover a body sometimes remove the weapon to make it look like murder. No suicide stigma and better chances of collecting any life insurance.
Brass: From the look of the place upstairs, this guy lived alone, and the neighbors heard the shot, so ... pretty good. I guess I'll, uh, go interview the neighbors.
 
Greg: So, are you going to say, 'the game's afoot'?
Grissom: I didn't know you were a Conan Doyle fan, Greg.
Greg: I'm not. I saw a Sherlock Holmes movie once by mistake.
Grissom: Well, just so you know ... those movies never ended like this.
 
 
Biker: I'll see if I can hook you up. Give me a call.
Brass: All right. Yeah, okay.
 
Grissom: Anything useful?
Brass: Well, I found out if I ever need a home loan, as a public servant, I'm pre-approved. You know, the guy looks like a, uh, drug dealer. Turns out he's a mortgage broker.
Grissom: Well, we all have our costumes, Jim.
Brass: Yeah.
 
Brass: Yeah, apparently some more than others.
 
Grissom: I assume you're friends of Mr. Kingsley?
Nelson Oakes : We are friends of Mr. Holmes.
Kay Marquette : Invited guests, in point of fact.
Josh Frost : This is all so contemporary.
Grissom: Well, I'm with the Las Vegas crime lab.
Nelson Oakes : Ah, a colleague. Perhaps we can be of some assistance.
Kay Marquette :  Yes. Have you discovered any shoe impressions in the soil?
 
Grissom: Not yet. This is a crime scene.
Josh Frost : Oh, a scenario created for our own entertainment, yes?
 
Grissom: I guess it depends on what you find entertaining.
Josh Frost : Oh, God.

 
Sara: Anyone for pizza?
Greg: Very funny.
 
Greg: Got it.
 
Sara: Ooh. BFB. Big freakin' bullet.
 
Greg: Nose is mushroomed. Looks like pure lead. Two cannelures consistent with a revolver. One, two, three, four, five, six lands and grooves. Left hand twist.
Sara: Which usually means ... ?
Greg: Colt .45?
 
Greg: Are you checking up on me?
Sara: No, no, no, no. Grissom said he was just evaluating you on processing this one room, so ... I figured maybe you could use some help with the rest of the house.
Greg: Thanks.
 
 
 
Sara: Guess everyone needs a hobby.
 
 
Kay Marquette : We would study the Holmes text in cases and important 19th century events.
Nelson Oakes : We met every Thursday night.
Josh Frost : You make it sound like a bowling league. This is a serious literary association.
 
Josh Frost : As usual, Dr. Watson, subtlety is lost upon you. You see a stab wound above her breast and overlook the absence of blood on the chair as well as the fact that her skirt is raised. This body was posed, and quite beautifully, I might add.
Nelson Oakes : Moriarty, if evil for evil's sake were a pathological condition, it would be your diagnosis.
Kay Marquette : Gentlemen, your disdain for one another distracts you from the truth. The wedding picture on the wall? The victims were husband and wife.
Dennis Kingsley: As usual, Miss Adler, your deduction is correct. It was indeed a crime of passion.
 
Brass: Sounds fun. When was the last time you saw Dennis Kingsley?
Josh Frost : Last Thursday.
Kay Marquette : He said that he was going to make this meeting really special.
 
Dennis Kingsley: It seems our time here tonight has ended, and that, I fear, is the gist of the announcement I must share with you now. Next week will be the final meeting of our society, but I give you my word: It shall be an evening none of you will ever forget.
 
Kay Marquette : I didn't think that he meant this.
Brass: We're going to need names and contact information.
Grissom: It would also be helpful if you'd let us take your fingerprints.
Nelson Oakes : Why?
Grissom: Elementary. So we can rule you out. You've all obviously been in the study on numerous occasions. We need to find out if the prints we find are relevant.
Josh Frost : So you actually think this is something other than suicide?
Brass: You know, I think you ought to drop the accent.
Josh Frost : I can't. I'm English.
Brass: Oh.
 
Sara: There's possible signs of forced entry at the back door. It could be recent. Also, I think the vic had a family at some point. Brass is on it.
 
Greg: Check this out.
 
Sara: The Hound of the Baskervilles. I read that in tenth grade.
Greg: Oh, yeah - I was supposed to.
 
Greg: There's a blood stain on the page ends.
Sara: Huh.
 
Sara: The spatter goes across and over. That stain did not come from this event.
 
Sara: It could be the vic's, or it could be stage blood, for that matter.
Greg: Do you think an obsessive neat freak like our vic would leave something like that on one of his most prized possessions?
Sara: I think ... there's only one way to find out.
 
 

 


 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey, Nick.
Nick: Hey, Chris.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Nevada power guys -- they saw the jeep, called it in. I ran the plates. R.O. is, uh, Cory Demayo, 25. Lives on Florentine.  Spoke to the roommate. Driver fits the description.
David Phillips: Vic's got a contusion on his forehead. Probably from the impact.
Nick: Yeah, I can see that. It's just hard to believe that's what killed him.
 
Warrick: I didn't see any skid marks on the road up there. There's no signs he tried to brake.
David Phillips: Well, maybe he fell asleep at the wheel.
Nick: Uh, coming over that embankment? That would've woke him up. Key's still in the ignition. Car's in drive. Engine's not running.
Warrick: Did the paramedics open this door?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Vitals were taken through the open window. Door was ajar when we arrived on the scene.
 
Warrick: Hey, Nick, check this out.
Nick: Oh.
Warrick: Guy was getting high. Think that's the reason he missed the curve up there?
Nick: You think?
 
Warrick: Ah. We got a wallet.
 
Nick: Yeah, yeah.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Cory Demayo. Fits the description. No cash, no plastic.
Nick: This is a pretty remote place for an accident. But you think someone saw it, took advantage of the situation?
Warrick: Maybe he wasn't alone. Maybe the passenger survived, then emptied out his wallet, took off.
Nick:  Maybe.

 
Robbins: This guy really dress up like Sherlock Holmes?
Sara: At least once a week, evidently, like those civil war re-enactors. I, uh, never understood that.
Robbins: Yeah. In any event, C.O.D. was no surprise. Perforating contact range, gunshot to the right temple.
 
Greg: Got the tox. Cocaine metabolites in the vic's urine. 500 nanograms per M.O.
Robbins: You only see levels that high in chronic users.
Sara: Those are the track marks.
Greg: Yeah, but there was also morphine in his blood and in the syringe.  Seven percent solution, morphine sulfate and water. Sherlock went from crack to smack.
Sara: Morphine metabolites in his system but no heroin metabolites? He wasn't on street junk. This is pharmaceutical-grade stuff.
Greg: And at a pretty hefty dose, too. How fast for the injection to take effect?
Robbins: Given his size, he would've been incapacitated in a matter of seconds.
Greg: Not much time to undo the works, put away his antique syringe, pick up a gun and blow his brains out.
Sara: Wait a minute. The GSR test on his hand was positive. What are you getting at?
 
Greg: Well, maybe Sherlock had some help.
 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey, when was the last time you saw Cory?
Lyle Davis: Yesterday. Just kicking it, like me.
Warrick: How'd you get that bruise on your dome, man?
Lyle Davis: Oh, uh, windsurfing.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey, you guys go out there together?
Lyle Davis: Yeah. Well, he's got the wheels, so ... 
Warrick: So you drove back together?
Lyle Davis: No. I sort of hooked up with this chick, so I bounced.
Warrick: Nice. You know the chick's name?
Lyle Davis: Uh, Jennifer.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Jennifer who?
Lyle Davis: Jennifer, uh ...  ... nipple ring.
 
Warrick: 'Jennifer nipple ring'. Lyle, were you guys, uh, getting high yesterday? You smoke some weed? 
Lyle Davis: Nope.
Warrick: No? All right, let me tell you what I think happened. You and Cory got stoned, and you drove away. Cory lost control of the jeep ...
 
Warrick:  ...at which point, you couldn't wake him up,
 
Warrick:  so you decided to take advantage of the situation, and you rifle through his wallet and leave.

 
Lyle Davis: Man, that is not what went down.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: You're looking at robbery, leaving the scene, failure to report an accident. That's a lot of years, man.
Lyle Davis: I didn't get back in the car with Cory, and if I had, I wouldn't have left him!
Warrick: Lyle, we're going to need a DNA sample from you.
Lyle Davis:  What? Why?
Warrick: Just to prove that, uh, your lips weren't on that joint that we found in the jeep.
Lyle Davis: All right, man. Let me just be straight with you guys for a second here. I admit Cory and I sparked up at the lake, okay? But then he took off. Three weeks ago, I was busted for pot, okay? The judge gave me diversion. You guys file charges, I'm screwed. I will never get into dental school.
 
 
Hodges: The fragment you found at the scene? It's a mother of pearl. It could be from an ornament or a piece of jewelry.
Greg: It could be from a lot of things.
Hodges: Yeah, that it could, Mr. Proficiency. 
 
Hodges: I also I.D.'d the ash on the floor. Perique tobacco, grown in only one spot on earth: St. James Parish, Louisiana.
Greg: The same as the umber of tobacco in the victim's slipper?
Hodges: No, completely different make. Cheap, strong, low-grade stuff.
Grissom: Shag tobacco.
Hodges: Yeah. How'd you know?
Grissom: That's what Holmes smoked.
Hodges: Bad habit, even for a fictional character.
Grissom: You do have two suspects with pipes.
Greg: Yeah ... and, uh, smoking kills.
 
 
Bar Customer : We got to stop meeting like this, baby.
Kay Marquette : How was your game?
Bar Customer : I'm swinging a hot stick tonight, babe.
 
Kay Marquette :  Can I get you something?
Brass: No, I'm just looking for someone.
Kay Marquette : You're staring at me.
Brass: Oh. Uh ... I'm sorry. I didn't recognize you from last night. Is that a friend of yours?
Kay Marquette : Give me a break. Did that guy look like a friend of mine? Every time he touches me, I want to kick him in the scrotum, but he's a big tipper. I've got a sick mother and rent to pay.
Brass: Well, I just have a couple of questions. At Denny Kingsley's, you were smoking a pipe.
Kay Marquette : Yeah ... a meerschaum.
Brass: I'm going to need it.
Kay Marquette : Why?
Brass: Let me worry about that, okay?
Kay Marquette : Uh, J.J., can you hand me my purse, please?
J.J. : Okay.
 
 
Sara: Dr. Watson? I'm Sara Sidle with the Crime Lab.
Nelson Oakes : Hello.
Sara: Do you have a minute? I'm here to collect your meerschaum pipe as well as any other tobacco products you might have in your possession.
Nelson Oakes : I don't smoke anything illegal.
 
Sara: You haven't been accused of that.
Nelson Oakes : Anyway, my pipe is at home.
Sara: No problem. Let's go.
Nelson Oakes : Look, I'm working.
Sara: We've already talked to your boss, and I have a warrant. Let me get that for you. 
 
Sara: Were you wearing those shoes at your last club meeting?
Nelson Oakes : Yeah. They're not technically right for the period, but black leather shoes are black leather shoes. I'm not the same stickler for detail that Denny was.
Sara: Apparently not.
 
 
Robbins: Vic was physically fit. Scratches and abrasions are ante-mortem, unrelated to the accident.
Nick: The contusion on the forehead was, uh, superficial, right?
Robbins: You are right.
Warrick: Okay, so what's the cause of death, Doc?
Robbins: Undetermined.
Nick: But you're still working on it, right?
Robbins: Unless some other evidence comes to light, I'm done. Sometimes I can't tell you why they die.

 
Warrick: What you got?
Nick: Passenger door latch is busted. It could've happened during the accident.
Warrick: Well, that is consistent with the roommate's story. Says he wasn't in the passenger seat during the time of the crash.
Nick: What'd you get back from tox?
Warrick: Tox came back positive for low levels of cannabis.
Nick: I know marijuana slows your reaction time, but based on the lack of skid marks at the scene, the position of the vehicle, I don't think this guy ever hit the brakes.
Warrick: Well, maybe he did hit the brakes. Did you check 'em?
Nick: Come on, you're a bigger boy than me.
Warrick: Yeah, you can't do anything yourself, can you?
 
Warrick: You ready?
Nick: Yeah, yeah, put your back into it.
 
Warrick: Brakes work. Brake lights are working, so that means the battery's okay.
Nick: Yeah, but the gauges are all off. The panel's not even working. Okay, ignition was on, but the engine wasn't running, so ... what? No gas?
 
Warrick: That tank is full of fuel, man.
Nick: Cory was in good shape. The jeep seems to be in decent condition, so ...
 What happened out there?
 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Swing shift's short a couple of bodies.
Catherine: Yes, and when is that going to change?
Conrad Ecklie: Not anytime soon -- Catherine, there are budget constraints. You'll have to prioritize.
 
Warrick: Should we come back?
Conrad Ecklie: No, no, no, come on in. So, how's your, uh, your surfer dude case?
Warrick: Uh, the victim's roommate admits they got high together, but denies being in the jeep at the time of the accident. At this point, we can't place him there.
Nick: Brakes on the jeep were functioning. The driver should've been able to stop.
Catherine: Any signs of foul play?
Nick: No. Something's not right.
Conrad Ecklie: All right, nothing suspicious and no crime's committed? Put the case to bed. I'm sure your supervisor can keep you busy. Close it.
 
Warrick: Sounds like he's more concerned with getting it done than getting it right.
Catherine: Are you guys satisfied?
Nick: We don't have an answer.
Catherine: Then get one.
Warrick: What about Ecklie?
Catherine:  My problem, not yours.


Brass: You nervous?
Nelson Oakes : A little.
 
Brass: Relax. Relax. Just two law enforcement professionals talking to one another, that's all.
Nelson Oakes : I'm a security guard. Don't patronize me.
Brass: I bet you always wanted to be a cop, am I right? So what happened? Flunk the physical? Huh? That's okay; lot of guys do. No? What was it then, psych?
Nelson Oakes : I was on medication. You can't be a cop if you're on this medication.
Brass: But you can be Sherlock Holmes.
Nelson Oakes : I was Dr. Watson ... 
Brass: Right.
Nelson Oakes : ... in our club. Denny was Sherlock Holmes.
 'There can only be one.'
Brass: So, when Denny wasn't there, you could be Sherlock.
Nelson Oakes : I suppose.
Brass: That why you killed him?
Nelson Oakes : I didn't kill him. Denny was a friend, and if I wanted to be Sherlock, all I had to do was wait. Denny was quitting. We talked about it a lot. He said he was going back to his wife.
Brass: So you went to his house, you shot him, and then you left, and you came back later with your pals and acted like nothing happened.
Nelson Oakes : I went straight home after work.
Brass: His blood on your shoe, tobacco ash from your pipe on the carpet next to his body -- that puts you where he was killed.
Nelson Oakes : No way.
Brass: Look, there are two kinds of stories: Fact and fiction.
Nelson Oakes : I know that. 
Brass: Sherlock Holmes: Fiction. Dennis Kingsley's murder: Fact. Your story: Fiction.
Nelson Oakes : No, I swear. God help me, I'm telling the truth. I-
I wasn't there. I didn't kill Denny.
 
 
Sara: DNA confirms that the blood on Watson's shoe is a match to your vic. We got him. 
 
Sara: Feel like celebrating after shift? I'm buying.
Greg: These blood drops aren't uniform. Some of them are clotted red cells, but others are pure serum.
 
Greg: It takes at least twenty minutes for blood to clot and separate. If Watson killed Sherlock, the blood drops on his shoe would all be the same.
Sara: The killer takes some of the victim's blood at the scene ...
 
Sara:  ...the red blood cells in the serum separate and get sprayed on the shoe later.

Sara: Somebody's trying to frame Watson.


;
 
 
Greg: Jeez, all his stuff is up for auction. This is Dennis Kingsley's entire collection. He's getting rid of everything.
Archie: Might have needed the cash?
Sara: I don't know. Maybe he was just trying to get back to reality.
Greg: Hold it. 
 
Greg: Murder weapon was a Colt .45 revolver, current whereabouts unknown.
Archie: Huh, I thought you were looking for a book.
Sara: We are.  We ran DNA on this blood stain. It's not the victim's, and there's no hits through CODIS.
Archie: You think it's the killer's?
Sara: Maybe.
Greg: Come on, let's keep going.
 
Greg: There it is - 'The Hound of the Baskervilles'.
 
Sara: When he photographed it, there was no blood on the pages.
Greg: Can you pull up the bidding history?
Archie: Yes, I can.
Greg: Let's see who's interested.
# OF BIDS: / TIMES / BIDDER HANDLES:
 
Archie: Huh. Reichenbach.
Greg: What's the big deal about that?
Archie: Reichenbach Falls? 
 
Archie: It's where Professor Moriarty killed Sherlock Holmes.
 
 

Josh Frost : The 1902 first British Edition of the Hound? Of course I wanted it. I'm a doctoral candidate in English history. I helped Denny create that astonishing verisimilitude of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Britain. 
Sara: Oh.
Josh Frost : Order!
 
Sara: He was selling the collection off in pieces. It must have pissed you off.
Josh Frost : He was a self-destructive narcissist. If he had to give it up, we all had to give it up.
Sara: And you weren't willing to do that?
Josh Frost : As you can see, the modest stipend I get from my graduate studies doesn't go far. What I offered for the Hound is every penny I had. Order!
 
Greg: But then he put it up for auction, and made you bid for it. When the price got too high, you confronted him.
Josh Frost : That is empty speculation, my friend.
Sara: Hold out your hands for me, please?
Josh Frost : My hands?
Sara: Yeah. Your hands.
Josh Frost : Fine.
 
Greg: Ooh, that looks like a paper cut to me. Are we gonna find your blood on that book?

Dennis Kingsley: If you can't pay me what it's worth ...
Josh Frost : Oh, come on, you owe me as much. Come on. Come ...
 
Dennis Kingsley: Give it!
 
Josh Frost : Ow! Bloody hell, Dennis.
 
Josh Frost : Fine, fine, fine. Yes, I stopped by Dennis's house earlier that evening to make my case, but I didn't kill him. If I had, believe me, I would have taken that book.

 
Warrick: Tow truck will be here in about an hour.
Nick: All right, we're on the clock. Let's take this thing apart.
 
 
 
 
 
Nick: Hey, I've got some blown fuses and some fried wiring up here.
Warrick: Yeah?
Nick: Yeah.
Warrick: I've got some burn marks on the undercarriage. And I found something similar on the roll bar, as well.
Nick: Well, that would indicate some sort of electrical shock.
Warrick: Well, if an electrical charge traveled through the jeep, and shorted out the wiring, it would have shocked Cory, as well.
Nick: Like what, lightning?
Warrick: Yeah, but it was clear yesterday. Whatever it was, it zapped the hell out of his jeep.
Nick: Let's go back out there and check it out.
 
 
Nick: Cory was coming from Lake Mead, which is that way.
Warrick: Let's walk.
Nick: Yeah.

 
 
Nick: Wire trimmings. They look fresh.
 
Nick: Looks like a new splice on those wires.
Warrick: Well, the power company originally called that jeep in. They must have been out here fixing the lines. Maybe it was a down line. That would give us the high voltage power source right there.
Nick: Yeah, but even if a live wire struck the roll bar, the tires would have insulated the vehicle.
Warrick: Right. Without a path to ground, electricity is harmless.
 
Warrick: What about that road marker?
 
Warrick: It's bent in the direction Cory was driving.
Nick: Black transfer. Wasn't the undercarriage of Cory's jeep black?
 
Warrick: This marker would have grounded the jeep.
Nick: Completing the circuit, and theoretically, electrocuting the vehicle.
 

Mother of Pearl Chip
Evidence # GS-17

 
Greg: I want to go back to the crime scene.

 
Greg: The grips of Dennis Kingsley's antique Colt .45 were mother of pearl, consistent with the chip collected here. I identified trace on the edge of that chip, and it's red clay dust.
 
Greg:  The fire's fake, but these red clay bricks are real.
Grissom: So, what are you looking for?
Greg: Well, the killer obviously left with the gun. And if there was some kind of struggle, maybe the killer left behind some skin fragments or a strand of hair.


 
Grissom: Was there any evidence of a struggle in this room?
Greg: Not really.
 
Grissom: Well, so much for the obvious.

 
 

 
Sara: He committed suicide?
Greg: The man was a credit to his genre. He runs a loop of surgical tubing through the weapon secured inside the chimney.
 
Greg: A shot of morphine a few minutes earlier takes the edge off.
Sara: And it provides extra insurance in case the gun doesn't finish the job.
 
Greg: It would have been easy for him to plant Watson's brand of tobacco ash on his floor. I figure, Sherlock drew his own blood in advance and then sprayed it on Watson's shoe at their last meeting.
Sara: The world's greatest detective makes suicide look like murder?
 
Sara: Why would he try and frame his best friend in the process?
Greg: Well, Watson said they were friends, but who knows what kind of relationship they really had. Maybe they hated each other. Maybe Dennis couldn't stand the thought of anyone else being Sherlock. Besides, I thought motive wasn't our business.
Sara: It's not. Write it up, give the report to Grissom. Way to go.
Greg: All right.
 
 
Catherine: What ... what is going on?
Nick: We're finishing up the case.
Catherine: Do you know how much ballistic joe costs?
Warrick: I didn't know you did.
Catherine: I just thought you guys were gonna go over your notes, look over the case file.
Warrick: Well, hold on now. We found electrical burn marks on the roll bar and the jeep's undercarriage. And we found blown out fuses on the instrument panel and the starter. That would explain why the jeep wasn't running.
Nick: Yeah, we called Nevada Power, and they confirmed there was a downed power line the day of the accident.
Catherine: So, you're saying the victim was electrocuted?
Nick: Yeah.
Warrick: So we replaced the fuses, we connected the jeep to a power source, and we hooked up gelatin man here to a meter.
 
Catherine: Watch it wiggle, see it jiggle, I get it. Well, you're gonna need at least six milliamps to prove your theory.
Nick: I'm on it.

 
 

 
 
 
Catherine: Congratulations. You killed the jeep, but the victim's still alive. The current never even made it past zero. So, either your theory is wrong, or you've got a problem with your experiment. Are there any variables in the case that haven't been duplicated here?
Nick: Same vehicle, power's good. So, why isn't Mr. Wiggles connecting?
Warrick: He's naked.
Catherine: Well, let's dress him up.

Warrick: So, the current came into the vehicle from the roll bar, and it went out through the undercarriage.
Catherine: It needed an entry point and exit point.
Nick: Entry through the, uh, the watch on his wrist and then exit through the rivets in his shorts.
Catherine: Right across his heart, stopping it cold.
 

 
Catherine: So I know that I've never said this to you guys before, but ... hide the evidence.
Nick:  Thanks for getting our back.
Catherine: We're a team, guys.
Warrick: Oh, since we're a team, you gonna help us clean up?
Nick: Yeah.
 
Catherine: No. I'm the boss.

 
Conrad Ecklie: I thought you told me you closed the Cory Demayo case. Catherine, nothing happens in this lab that I don't know about.
Catherine: Then I'm sure you know the case is now closed.
Conrad Ecklie: Did I make a mistake promoting you?
Catherine: Yeah, you should have given me the day shift. But I'm making it work.
 
 
 
Grissom: Greg.
 
Grissom:  I have a question about your report.
Greg: Okay.
Grissom: According to autopsy, the victim showed long-term effects of cocaine abuse.
Greg: That's right.
Grissom: But according to tox, the substance in the victim's syringe was a seven percent solution of morphine.
Greg: Yeah.
Grissom: The victim was an obsessive compulsive. In the stories, Holmes' preferred stimulant was a seven percent solution of cocaine, not morphine.
Greg: Evidence out of context.
Grissom: Did you ever consider the possibility that the victim didn't realize what he was injecting himself with?
Greg: No. You think someone switched his coke with morphine?
Grissom: You found the victim's fingerprints on the gun, but you found no prints on the surgical tubing, no epithelials either. Does that make sense if it was a suicide?
Greg: I guess not.
Grissom: Do you have any other suspects who have access to morphine or surgical tubing?
Greg: I can find out.
Grissom: I would do that.
 
 
Greg: I went through the medical records for all of our suspects. As far as I can tell, none of them have ever been prescribed morphine. I think Watson's our best bet. The guy is a security guard at Desert Palms; he was certainly around morphine.
 
Grissom: Tobacco leaves. Run a quick comparison. This has to belong to one of our suspects.
 

Brass: Do you like your life?
Kay Marquette : What kind of question is that?
Brass: Well, I mean, I've seen how happy you are at work. And then I know you come home to Mom and I guess she has terminal cancer. That's got to be tough.
Kay Marquette : Yeah, well, you try giving enough attention to someone who never gave you any. 
Brass: But the Sherlock Holmes Club, that's got to be one bright spot, hmm?
Kay Marquette : The one place I could go every week where no one was grabbing my butt or staring at my breasts. The one place I could talk, think.
Brass: You must have been pretty devastated when Dennis Kingsley decided to break up the club, huh?
Kay Marquette :  It was a disappointment.
 
Dennis Kingsley: Next week will be the final meeting of our society. But I give you my word, it shall be an evening none of you will ever forget.
 
Brass: I think it's a lot more than that. 
Kay Marquette : I don't know what you mean.
 
Brass: Well ... the tobacco -- your blend is Cavendish.
 
 
Brass: Okay, why don't I tell this like a story, you know, like the end of a story, all right? Because I like the part where the detectives solve the crime. So here goes. On the day of the murder, you broke into Denny Kingsley's house. That's easy enough, the lock's crummy. You snuck downstairs. You replaced his cocaine with morphine, because you knew he was a creature of habit. So now all you had to do is wait.
 
 
Brass: So you sprinkle some of Dr. Watson's pipe tobacco in the carpet. You scoop up some of Denny's blood, to splash on Watson's shoes later. Why the elaborate frame-up of Watson? He had as much to lose as you.
Kay Marquette : Because he's the one that told Denny to give it all up and go back to his family. Because he's the one that wanted to be Sherlock Holmes, because he didn't care what it was doing to me.
 
Kay Marquette : You see, Detective ...  Denny would have wanted his murder to be the perfect puzzle. A mystery worthy of the master.

 
Nick: Hey, Greg, Grissom wants to see you.
Warrick: Like now, in his office.
 
 

 
Greg: Grissom. You wanted to see me.
 
Catherine: Well done.
 
Conrad Ecklie: Congratulations, Sanders. Good work.
Greg: Thank you.
Conrad Ecklie: Okay, gang, there's people to put in jail. Let's get back to it, shall we? Come on, come on, now. Party's over. Let's go.
 
Nick: Good job.
 
Greg: I don't get it. I got the wrong guy, the wrong manner of death.
Grissom: I don't expect you to be correct in all your interpretations all the time. You collected the evidence. You thought there was something missing, you went back and found it. Hey, that's the job. Congratulations, Greg.
 
Greg: Thank you.
 
 
Voice: Cheers. To you.
