


 
Front Desk Clerk: Welcome back, Mrs. Krell.
Martha Krell: I told you, it's Martha.
 
Front Desk Clerk: Your room's ready and I have your credit card on file. 
 
Martha Krell: See you in the morning. I'm beat.
 
Front Desk Clerk:  Call me if you need anything, Martha.
 
 
Brass: Decedent's name is Martha Krell. Flight attendant. She checked in this afternoon.
 
Brass: Apparently, she was stabbed to death. The coroner's en route.
 
Grissom: Weird ... no sign of struggle.
 
Brass: No clothes, no luggage.
Sara: Bedspread's undisturbed.  Trashcan is empty and the inside is spotless. It's possible a liner's been removed.
 
Brass: Take a whiff.
Grissom: Smells clean.
Brass: Smells like a hospital.
Sara: Bleaches and deodorizers. Killer attacked the victim, then cleaned and sanitized the room.
Grissom: Ah, but here's the smell of the blood still, and all the perfumes in Arabia will not sweeten this little room.
 
 
 
 
 
David Phillips: Her liver temp's 83 degrees. She's been dead approximately ten hours.
 
Sara: I'd like to get a clear photo of her wounds. Can we lay her out?
David Phillips: Oh, yeah. Grab her feet.
 
 
David Phillips: Defensive wounds.
 
David Phillips: Incised.
 
David Phillips: At least a dozen.
Sara: She did not want to die.
 
Greg: I just got the call.
 
Greg: Where's Grissom?
Sara: Bathroom.
 
Sara: Working the, uh, case.
 
 
Greg: Hey.
Grissom: Hand me my multi-tool, will ya, Greg? I need a Phillips.
 
 
Greg: What are you doing?
Grissom: Well, the stabbing was brutal, but the crime scene is clean. No cast-off, no spatter. So, I want to know if the killer washed blood down the drain.
 
Grissom: Swab and phenol this, will ya?
 
Greg: Blood.
 
Grissom: Label it. Send it to DNA.
 

 
 
Sara: Usually in hotel rooms, we find too many prints.  Not a single one. Just wipes and swipes.
 
 
Front Desk Clerk: Ms. Krell was a real nice lady. She brought me a Dodger baseball cap.
Brass: Wow. So you were friends? 
Front Desk Clerk: Not really. Airlines buy a chunk of rooms for their trolley dollies, discounted. She's just staying here for a few months.
Brass: So you discovered the body.
Front Desk Clerk: Her supervisor called to say her A.M. flight was canceled. She wasn't answering her phone. He asked me to make sure she got the message.
Brass: So you knocked on her door, and when she didn't answer, you just went right in?
Front Desk Clerk: Yeah. I got a master key.
Brass: Yeah, I knew that. Does the hotel have surveillance?
Front Desk Clerk: Nope.
Brass: Thank you. You've been a big help.
Front Desk Clerk: Right on.
 
Hayden Michaels: Excuse me. I'm Hayden Michaels. I'm the Manager of the Four Aces. I just got the call. Anything we can do to help?
Brass: Thank you. I'll let you know.
Hayden Michaels: Detective, if this hits the media, this is really going to hurt our business.
Brass: What are you asking me?
Hayden Michaels: Anything you can do to keep it out of the press?
Brass: Look, I'm trying to catch a killer. I got no control over the press. If this makes the news, then it is what it is.

 
 

 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey. Victim's in the bedroom. Ty Hawkins, 12.
 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Mother came in to wake him ... found him like this.
 
Nick: Beaten to death.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: This many blows; it was personal. 
David Phillips: Liver temp makes T.O.D. around midnight.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: No sign of forced entry. Nothing's missing. All the doors and windows were locked except for the screen door. Parents claim they keep that locked.
Catherine: You find a weapon?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Negative. Family's been transported down to the station. I'm gonna go down and take their statement. Hey, when you're done here, roll by. We'll ink them.
Nick: You got it.
 
Catherine: Boy's not even safe in his own bed.
 
Catherine: I'll take the inside.
Nick: Yeah, I could use the fresh air.
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
Nick: Found a pile of pipes by the side of the house; one seems to be missing. This is an exemplar of a possible murder weapon. And I cast a shoe impression just outside the kid's bedroom window. Also some graffiti on the window -- B-R-
A-T. Maybe somebody had it in for the kid. 
 
Catherine: Well, I bagged the bloody sheets from the bed. Found boxers, a t-shirt and a fitted sheet in the washer. ALS'd for blood, found urine.
Nick:  Mm. Well, whoever killed the boy knew how to get in and out of this house without waking the family.
 
 
Robbins: No mystery here. Ms. Krell was violently stabbed to death. C.O.D. exsanguination.
Grissom: SAE kit?
Robbins: She was raped. Contusions to the vaginal introitus and an eighth-inch hemorrhagic laceration at the vaginal fourchette. Six o'clock position. The attack was brutal.
Grissom: Aren't they always? I don't know why people think that rape has anything to do with s*x.
Robbins: If a guy just wants s*x, he can hire a hooker.
Grissom: What else?
Robbins: Well, there is some good news. Motile sperm in the t mount. I've sent the kit to DNA for analysis.
 
Sara:  Ecklie, what's up?
 
Conrad Ecklie: I paged Grissom.
 
Sara: And he paged me. How can I help you?
Conrad Ecklie: Five years ago, there was this, uh, day-shift case, homicide.
 She was raped and murdered in a local hotel. Killer was never apprehended. 

 
 


 


 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Vic's clothing and suitcase were missing. Room was immaculate, smelled like disinfectant.
Sara: Same signature.
Conrad Ecklie: One difference. In the, uh, prior case, body was found in a first floor room. Sliding glass door facing the pool was unlocked.
Sara: Ms. Krell was killed on the second floor. There was only one way into her room.
 
Sara: Was there semen present in Sue Stein's SAE kit?
Conrad Ecklie: Yeah. Ran it through CODIS. No hit. I asked Mia to compare it with the semen from the recent attack.
Sara: Is that fingerprint from your crime scene?
 
Conrad Ecklie: Only print we found. Impressed in Sue's blood on the bedspread near her hips. Underlying pattern on the fabric made it impossible to read.
Sara: That was then.  This is now.
 
 
Martin Hawkins:  My son's dead. Why are you fingerprinting me?
Nick: The Crime Lab is going to dust your house for prints, so I need to know which ones are yours.
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Now, your wife said that you both went to bed after the news.
Martin Hawkins: I already told you that. Twice. 
 
Martin Hawkins: You know, I ... I got questions, too, you know. Why Ty?  Why not me?
 
Martin Hawkins: How could my wife and I sleep ...  ... through it all?
Nick: Mr. Hawkins, would you stand up, facing me, so I can take some photos?
Martin Hawkins:  Is this really necessary?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Please, just let him do his job. Sir ...
 
 
 
Nick: Open up.
 
Nick: I'll be needing to take your shoes as well. You can wear some booties home.
Martin Hawkins: What now?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: You and your wife are free to go.
Martin Hawkins: What about Matt?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: He has to stay here in protective custody until this is resolved.

 
Martin Hawkins: Yvonne?  Hey.
 
 
Yvonne Hawkins: They're keeping Matt.
Martin Hawkins: I know. He'll be home soon. It's just procedure.  Right?
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Right.
Martin Hawkins: Can we at least speak to him?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Can't allow that.
 
Martin Hawkins: Come on, let-let's go. Come on.
 
 
Nick: You just gonna let them go?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Neither has a record, no motive. There's no blood on them.
Nick: Well, they could've showered, tossed their clothes.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Their grief is not an act.
Nick: Yeah, based on what?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Years of listening to the parents of dead children. Let's go talk to this kid.
 
 
Greg: Hey, Mia.
 
Greg: Let me guess; you're listening to something classy like Jessica or Ashlee.

 
Mia Dickerson: It's ... Jean-Paul Sartre. 'Huis clos.'  It loses something in a translation.
Greg: Oui, oui.
Mia Dickerson: The blood from the hairy wad that you found in the drain is consistent with the victim.
Greg: And what about the semen from Martha's SAE?
Mia Dickerson: That's consistent with the DNA from the first attack. You are looking at the same rapist. I want to show you something.
Greg: Really?
 

 
Greg: This guy's immune system doesn't recognize his own sperm. Antibodies are attacking the little guys.
Mia Dickerson: I read about this phenomenon in a forensic journal ... 
Greg: November, 2003. Killer had a vasectomy, then had it reversed.
Mia Dickerson: Oui, oui.
Greg: Thanks, Mia.
 
 
Robbins: How could a boy have made someone so mad? C-O-D is blunt-force trauma. I counted fourteen separate blows. Several more were coinciding. Cylindrical weapon, about an inch in diameter.
Catherine: Consistent with a pipe?
Robbins: Yeah. In fact, check this out.
 
Robbins:  Thread pattern's consistent with the end of a pipe.

 
 
Catherine: He's got no defense wounds.
Robbins: Yeah. My guess, he never woke up.
 
 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: You're not fooling me, kid. The second I laid eyes on you, I knew how it went down. You took a pipe from the backyard, you went into Ty's bedroom, and while he was sleeping, you beat his brains to a pulp.
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Now, what the hell's wrong with you, kid? Your little brother is dead. What did he ever do to you?
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Now, don't look at him. He can't help you. Nobody can help you. You're going to prison. And at fourteen, that means life. 
I'm talking to you, you little ... !
 
Nick: Detective ... can I have a word with you outside, please?

 
Nick: We don't have enough evidence to suggest that that boy killed his brother.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Well, what are you getting at?
Nick: I'm saying I'm not sure if threatening him is the right tactic right now. I found no blood on his clothes. The screen door could have been the point of entry.  I mean, have you considered asking him what he heard or-or saw before you just put the full court press on him?
Det. Chris Cavaliere:  I don't tell you how to collect the evidence.
Nick: No, you don't. Look, there's no disrespect here, okay? We're all on the same team.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Then get to the lab and get me something that I can use. 
 
 
Sara: Hey.
Neil Jansen: Hey. Call me a geek, but background subtraction application software is the bomb.
Sara: Only geeks still say 'the bomb.' But it you ask me, geeks should be revered.
Neil Jansen: Okay. Um, the technology's pretty new. You'll get hammered on cross, but it definitely works.  Okay, check it out. So the fingerprint is blood-red -- that's the shade we use for the color identifier -- and now the preprogrammed algorithm is just removing all the other colors from the fabric, and we're left with just the print. It's ...
Sara: Mind if I watch?
Neil Jansen: Voyeur, huh? I like that.
Sara: Geek.
 
Sara: Wow.
Neil Jansen: Yeah. Right.

Neil Jansen: Scan this into I-AFIS, and here we go.
Neil Jansen: Got yourself a hit. 'Jesse Acheson. 38. 'Multiple convictions, cocaine possession, intent to sell. In and out of prison for the past ... seven years.
Sara: Was he in or out on May 12, 1999?
Neil Jansen: Out.
Sara: What about last night?
Neil Jansen: Released six months ago. Living in Henderson.
Sara: Thanks, Neil.

Cue Sound:  KNOCKING

 
Michelle Acheson:  Who is it?
Brass: Las Vegas police. 
 
Brass: We're looking for Jesse Acheson.
Michelle Acheson: Hey, look, my husband hasn't used since he got out of the joint, so whatever you think he did, you're wrong.
Brass: Do you know where he is?
Michelle Acheson: No idea.
Brass: Well, your marriage is just full of romance, huh?
Sara: May we come in?
Michelle Acheson: Nah, I don't think so.
Sara: Just one more question. Do you happen to know where he was last night?
Michelle Acheson: No. I, uh, I haven't seen him in days.
Sara: Thank you.
 
Brass: That was fun.
Sara: Brass, ... 
 
Sara: You guys get in your cars, drive around the block. Pick me up in five minutes.
Brass:  We'll be close.
 

 
Michelle Acheson:  Jesse, cops were just here. What the hell's going on?
 
 
Michelle Acheson:  Damn you!
With the original shoe print found in the dirt:

 
Nick: The shoe impression outside Ty's window matches the brother's. 
Catherine: Yeah, I got a hair off of Ty's t-shirt. Also consistent with Matt.
Nick: Either of which could be related to the murder or just a result of two brothers living together.
Catherine: Yeah.
Nick: What's in the bindle?
Catherine: Uh, blue fibers. Got them off the vic's t-shirt.
Nick: Nobody in the family was wearing anything blue.
Catherine: No, but you know, could be from a blanket, a carpet, towel. I'll take them to Trace.
Nick: Yeah.
 
Nick: Hey, I am concerned that Detective Cavaliere's moving ahead of Forensics on this one.
Catherine: He can move as fast as wants. The D.A. won't file without the physical evidence. And right now, we got nothing.
 
 
 
Sara: Sandra Acheson called her husband at exactly 3:03 P.M. today. I secured a 2703-D court order for the number she was calling. It was a cell phone. I contacted the cell phone company and found out that Jesse answered his phone near tower 8, Phase West. Given the signal strength, he was within two blocks of the tower.
 
Sara: His wife said that she hasn't seen him in several days, so I had Homicide check registration at all the hotels within the yellow area. He is booked at the Tangiers.
 
Grissom: Well done.
 
 
Greg: Get this -- the rapist's semen came back positive for cocaine.
Grissom: We don't usually run a panel for semen, Greg.
Greg: I know that, but given our suspect's priors for blow, I had a tech run an immunoassay specific to the drug.
Grissom:  Wow. You guys are rendering me obsolete.
 
Sara: So, Jesse gets coked up, he commits the crime, he drives down to the strip and he checks into the Tangiers.
Greg: The gift show's in town. There aren't any vacancies on the strip.
Sara: Well, his wife said that she hadn't seen him in a few days.
Grissom: Maybe he's back in the game again, selling coke to out-of-town businessmen from the comfort and security of his hotel room.
Sara: So, he takes a break from his job, rapes and kills the vic at another hotel, and then goes back to work?
Grissom: Even cokeheads need a diversion now and then.
 
 
Nick: Hey.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hi, Stokes. Solve the case?
 
Nick: I'm getting there. Nothing definitive as of yet. Which means you can't hold Matt Hawkins for longer than his twenty-four hours.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Really? Well, you know, uh ... I got a signed confession.
 
Nick: Really?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Mm-hmm. Sort of kicks the crap out of your 'evidence,' now, doesn't it?
Nick: He confessed?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Signed. Check it.
Nick: Did you beat it out of him?

Det. Chris Cavaliere:  No, I used science, kind of like you guys.
Nick: Mm, how's that?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: I put him on a computer voice stress analyzer. Once I caught him lying, he gave it right up. 
 
Nick: That device has been discredited for years.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Well, check their web site. It's still used in 1,400 state and local agencies.
Nick: Well, not in Las Vegas. Or anywhere else in this state. Say, was an advocate or a parent present at the time of the confession? 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: He didn't ask for his mommy and daddy. Long as he says he understands his rights, we don't have to have anyone there with him.
Nick: He tell you why he did it?
Det. Chris Cavaliere: No, but he will. Hey, listen, Stokes, thanks for trying to help, but we got him.
 
Nick: Okay.


;
 
 
Brass: So, I just got back from the Tangiers. The G.M. won't let us into Jesse Acheson's room without a search warrant, and the judge denied our request.
Grissom: I'll talk to the judge.
Brass: I'll bring Acheson in for questioning, I guess.
Grissom: Could you just keep him under surveillance for now, let Greg tag along with your guy? We might learn something.
Brass: Sure, I'll get him a bag of donuts.

 
Warrick: I was testifying today. I ran into the D.A. He filled me in on your case.  Looks like Matt Hawkins' confession is gonna stand up in court.
Nick: Suspects are tricked into confessing all the time, but I'm telling you, Cavaliere intimidated that boy. Man, he would've signed anything.
Warrick: So you think he's innocent?
Nick: Could be. I checked the crime stats for the Hawkins neighborhood. There's been a rash of nuisance calls. There's some homeless guy running around out there peeping in windows, urinating in public, attempted B and E.
Warrick: Sounds like a suspect.
Nick: I'm gonna go back out there, see if the Hawkins know anything about it.
 
Warrick: Need some help?
Nick: You got that kind of time?

Warrick: I'll meet you in the car.
Nick: Thanks, Rick.
 
 
Judge Witherspoon: You expect me to invade Mr. Acheson's privacy based upon a five-year-old fingerprint that was manipulated on a computer? 
Grissom: It wasn't manipulated -- it was processed. That's what we do.
Judge Witherspoon: Try getting that one past a defense attorney. It's one thing to send a print through AFIS; it's another thing to use ... a 'background subtraction algorithm' to isolate the print from a bedspread.
Grissom: It's not my fault that the courts lag behind our technology.
Judge Witherspoon: Gil. I'm sympathetic to your request, but if I grant a warrant based upon this print, and the print is later thrown out of court, then everything you find as a result of it would be excluded, and your pattern rapist could be back on the street. Give me something else -- I'll be happy to grant you a warrant.
Grissom: Your honor, I need the warrant in order to find something else.
 
Judge Witherspoon: You'll find another way.
 
 
 
Officer Akers: Kind of like bird-watching, ain't it?
 
Greg: I wouldn't know.
Officer Akers: You bored?
 
Greg: I'm bored.

Officer Akers: So, I got a question.  I hear the killer completely wiped down the crime scene. So why do you think he left his semen behind? Could've worn a condom.
Greg: Well, before committing a crime, a typical serial rapist will often m*st*rb*t* to his perfect rape-murder fantasy. Didn't wear a condom then, didn't want to wear one during the act. Besides, the DNA isn't on file. It wasn't much of a risk.
 
Officer Akers: Litterbug.
Greg: CSI's don't mind the bugs. 
 
Greg: If the DNA on this cup matches the seminal DNA, Grissom won't need a warrant. We'll be making an arrest.
 
 
Yvonne Hawkins: We're not unfit parents. Please, we just want to speak with our son.
Martin Hawkins: We called the detective, but no one will tell us anything.
Nick: Right now your son's under investigation.
Yvonne Hawkins: What?
Nick: Yeah, the detective asked him if he wanted a parent or advocate present at the interrogation. He's fourteen years old, so it's his right to say no.
Martin Hawkins: But he's just a kid. I mean, he just lost his brother.
Yvonne Hawkins: Matt's sensitive. He doesn't handle stress well. If we-we-we could just talk to him.  He may need a change of clothes. 
Nick: Were those his clothes in the washer?
Yvonne Hawkins: Yeah.
Nick: Okay, we'll see what we can do about getting him something to wear.
Warrick: In the meantime, if you could just answer the question.
Yvonne Hawkins: You want to know about that homeless guy?
Warrick: Yeah.
Yvonne Hawkins: He's nuts. He-he scared the boys once or twice, but ... 
Warrick: How did he scare them?
Martin Hawkins: Ty saw him writing something on the window.
Nick: Was it 'brat'?
Martin Hawkins: Yeah. I chased him away. Matt ... cleaned off the window.
Nick: That would explain the shoe impressions outside the bedroom window.
Yvonne Hawkins: You're thinking that that guy had something to do with what happened?
Nick: Well, that's what we're trying to find out.
Yvonne Hawkins:  Oh, God. I knew we should've called the cops.
Warrick: When was the last time that you saw him?
Martin Hawkins: I jog through that park every evening. Um, he's got this, uh ... makeshift tent thing set up by the playground.

 
 
Walter : What? Hey! Stop it!
Officer: Come on! Get up!
Walter : Let me ... let me go!
 
Walter : Let go of me! Stop it!
Officer Metcalf: Hey, what's your name?
Walter : What?
Officer Metcalf: Tell the gentlemen your name.
Walter : Walter! My name is Walter!
Nick: Walter, that's a nice blue sweater. Where'd you get it?
Walter : What?
Nick: I said I like your sweater -- where'd you get it?
Walter : It's mine!
Nick: Oh, it's yours?
 
Walter : Yes, this is my sweater!
Warrick: Whose blood is it on your sweater, Walter?
Walter : Huh?
Warrick: We're gonna give you a nice warm place to sleep tonight, partner.
Walter : Wha-- ?
 
Nick: Suspicion of murder.
 
Walter : No! No!
Nick: Easy with the sweater. It's evidence.

 
Mia Dickerson: So, I processed the DNA from the coffee cup, and it turns out that there were two contributions on the lip, which means that your coffee shop recycles, and not in the good way.
Sara: Gross.
Mia Dickerson: Bad news is that neither of the contributions is consistent with the semen that was recovered from the crime scene. 
Sara: If Acheson didn't rape Sue Stein, what is his print doing on the bedspread?

 
Jesse Acheson: Well, I certainly didn't kill anyone, and ... I do not know how my fingerprint got there.
Sara: We don't think that you did rape or kill anyone. We simply want to know how your fingerprint ended up at a murder scene five years ago.
Brass: Look, Jesse, we appreciate you coming down here voluntarily, but if you clam up, we're gonna have to file an obstruction of justice charge, and that's not good ... for you. Let's make it easy on yourself.
 
Brass: What were you doing in Sue Stein's hotel room?
Jesse Acheson: You won't believe me.
Brass: Try us.
Jesse Acheson: I did go to see Sue that night.
 
Jesse Acheson: Sue.
 
Jesse Acheson: Come on, girl, wake up.
 
 
 
 
Sara: You just took off? You didn't bother to report a murder 
Jesse Acheson: Ma'am, I ... I got a record, and I was on probation. If I'd done all of that, I'd have been ... suspect numero uno. 
Brass: All right, let's cut to the chase. You were there to sell her blow, right?
 
Jesse Acheson: I don't need a lawyer, right? I mean, it's off the record?
Brass: We're just having a little chat here.
 
Jesse Acheson: Well, that's why she left the door unlocked. We'd been doing it that way for years. Whenever Sue came to town, I always took care of her.
 
Jesse Acheson: I'm really sorry. She was my friend. I wish I could be more help.
 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere:  Stokes.
 
Nick: Hey, man.
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: What the hell are you doing? Are you trying to screw with my case?
Nick: I'm just following the evidence, and it led me to another suspect. I think you're going to want to talk to him in the interest of justice.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: What, are you trying to help the defense now?
Nick: You know any good defense is gonna bring up a 'rush to judgment' here. Come on! Chris, you put another interviewed suspect on your list. It shows due diligence. Let's go.
 
 
Nick: Your sweater's been analyzed, Walter. Found bloodstains from a murdered boy on it.
Walter : It's not my sweater.
Nick: You already told me it was yours.
Walter : Finders keepers. It wasn't always mine, though.
Nick: Where did you find it?
Walter : On a bench. By the basketball courts.
 
 
Walter : I was cold.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey, man ... if you're lying ...
Walter : I'm not lying. I'm not lying!
Det. Chris Cavaliere: So when did you find it?
Walter : Yesterday. No, um, a few days ago. I don't remember.
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Put him in lockup -- maybe it'll help his memory. 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Stokes ... I got a signed confession. You got a bum in a bloody sweater. What are you gonna do about it?
#555-93-5157

 
Nick: Hey, Catherine.
Catherine: Yeah?
Nick: DNA finished up with the blue sweater and I processed it.
Catherine: Anything probative?
Nick: I ran it under the UV light and out popped one of those invisible dry cleaner ID stamps, you know?
Catherine: Yeah?
Nick: I called the dry cleaner; they gave me a name.

 
Nick: Mr. Hawkins, is that your sweater?
 
Martin Hawkins: Yeah ... it looks like my sweater. 
Yvonne Hawkins: Where'd you find it?
Nick: Did you give it away?
Martin Hawkins: No, but I haven't seen it in a while, though. Why?
Nick: It's got Ty's blood on it.
 
Martin Hawkins: Do I need a lawyer?
Nick: That's your call, sir.
 
 
Grissom: You called me?
David Hodges: Yeah, Mia sent me that wad of hair that you pulled out of the hotel drain.
 
David Hodges: It's coated in bleach. I'm thinking the killer must've poured the stuff down the drain. Really compromised the trace.
Grissom: That's it? A compromised wad of hair?
David Hodges: No, uh, I called you to discuss the bleach. The hairy wad smelled a bit woodsy to me. Which is odd, considering it should only smell like bleach. 
Grissom: You sniffed it?
David Hodges: That disgust you?
Grissom: No, actually, it's the first time you've ever done anything to impress me.
David Hodges: Hm. Anyway, um, I analyzed the bleach.  It contains a cedar additive. Thought you'd want to know.
 
Grissom: Thanks, David.
David Hodges: Sure, Gil.
 
 
Hayden Michaels: Like I said, I'm more than happy to help you in any way I can. So, when I got your phone call about the scent of our bleach, I figured you should to talk to Lucy. Lucy is our head of housekeeping.
Lucy: The guests sometimes complained about the bleach smell after we cleaned the bathrooms. A few years ago, I started adding cedar chips to the bottles. Makes it smell better.
Grissom: Lucy, who else has access to your bleach?
Lucy: Just the maids.
Brass: Are they all female?
Lucy: Yes.
Brass: You park your carts in the hallway when you clean the room, so anyone could have swiped a bottle of bleach, right?
 

 
Lucy: No. We've had problems with theft, towels mainly, but now our maids take their carts into the rooms.
Grissom: Those your kids?
Hayden Michaels: Yeah. Two eldest are at UNLV.
Grissom: And the baby?
Hayden Michaels: Jake. Jake is, uh, six months old.
Grissom: Is that your second wife?
Hayden Michaels: Mm-hmm.
Grissom: So you must have had your vasectomy reversed.
 
Hayden Michaels: Why are we talking about my vasectomy?
Grissom: You also have access to the bleach, so you won't mind if I take a DNA sample.
Hayden Michaels:  Look. If word leaks out that you took my DNA and I'm a murder suspect, I will never work in hospitality again. I'm sorry, the answer's no. Anything else?
Brass: We'll be in touch.
 
 
Catherine: So we've got three suspects, three scenarios.
Nick: Yeah, Matt could have worn his dad's sweater when he killed Ty. Dumped it in the park during the night, where Walter found it.
Catherine: Or dad could have worn it and dumped it in the park.
Warrick: Or this sweater could have accidentally been left in the park, and Walter, the homeless guy, could have picked it up and worn it when he entered the house through the screen door and killed Ty. But none of the evidence goes to motive.
Catherine: Not our problem at the moment. Let's just stay focused on the sweater. It's tied to the victim and this scene. We need to tie it to the killer. Hey, how tall would you say Matt Hawkins?
Nick:  About five feet, why? Dad is ... 6'2'. What about Walter?
Warrick: Mmm ... 5'10'. About Nick's height.
 
Nick: Yeah.
Warrick: What you getting at?
Catherine: Meet me in the garage in half an hour.
 
 
Grissom: Mr. Michaels, in my work over the last twenty-five years, I've come to understand the kind of person who's a rapist-killer.
Adam Matthews: Is that an accusation?
Grissom: Well, a woman was murdered in your client's hotel. He has a right to hear our theory. The killer is clearly a psychopath. He's killed more than once. I'm sure that before his first rape and murder he fantasized about it for years.
 
Woman: No. No! WOMAN: No! WOMAN: Get away!
 
Killer: Quiet! Quiet! Quiet!

Woman: No!
 
Grissom: During that time, he engaged in behavioral tryouts. Stalking women and attempting to coerce them sexually, each time moving closer and closer to the actual event.
 
Killer: Shut up! Shut up! KILLER: Shhh-!
 
Grissom: I believe that after you consummated your first attack, you felt excitement greater than you anticipated. Your only regret was that she died too quickly.

 
Grissom: But you took solace in the knowledge that, uh, you could do it again. In fact, your subsequent victim had similar characteristics to your first victim.
 
Martha Krell: No! No! No!
Killer: Shut up! KILLER: Shut up!
 
Martha Krell: Please! Please! 

 
 
Adam Matthews: This is a waste of time.
Grissom: You see, what differentiates a psychopath from a 'heat of the moment' killer is forethought.
 
 
Grissom: And you thought about this for a long time.
Adam Matthews: Thank you for the fascinating seminar, but you have no evidence, so we are free to go.
 
Sara: Actually, I have some evidence.
Hayden Michaels: What is this? What's going on?
 
Sara: Mr. Michaels?
 
Hayden Michaels: She can't ... you can't do that.
 
Adam Matthews: Do what?
Hayden Michaels: No, I know my rights.
Adam Matthews: Hey, shh.
Hayden Michaels:  The bitch broke into my car.
 
Adam Matthews: I don't remember seeing a warrant, Ms. Sidle.
Sara: I don't have a warrant. I was following a hunch.
 
Adam Matthews: Well, then you just set my client free.
Sara: On the contrary. Western Airlines issues this exact type of 'wheelie' to all its flight attendants. Since Martha's wheelie wasn't in the hotel room, we thought maybe the killer took it ... as a souvenir. This particular suit case ...
 
Sara: ... is not Martha's wheelie.
 
Grissom: And now that we know where to find it, and we have your client on tape, I bet you we'll get a warrant.
 
Grissom: Thank you.
 
 
Catherine: Okay, Warrick, you are approximately the height of Martin Hawkins. Nick, you and the homeless dude are about the same, and Judy, you're close to Matt.
 
Catherine: The table is the same height as Ty's bed - forty-three and half inches from the floor to the top of the mattress. The white sweaters, which you all look so adorable in, are the same fabric as the bloody one.
 
Catherine: The pipes are the same diameter as the wounds on Ty's face. I want each of you to take a whack at our victim.
 
Judy Tremont: Just like Chuckie Cheese. Whack-a-mole.

Catherine: Uh, spatter up.
 

 
 



 
 
Catherine: Judy, your sweater -- killer.
 
 
Matthew Hawkins:  Like I told him, I did it. You want a medal for figuring out what I already said?
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: You never told me why.
Matthew Hawkins: Why's it matter, anyways?


Warrick: Go ahead.
 

 
Matthew Hawkins: Dad.
Martin Hawkins: I want to know why.
Matthew Hawkins: Dad ...
Martin Hawkins: Why? Damn it.  Ty looked up to you. He ... he loved you.
Matthew Hawkins:  He told. He told everyone!
Martin Hawkins: That you wet the bed?
 
Matthew Hawkins: Shut up!
 
Matthew Hawkins: Dad ... I'm sorry. I ...
 
 
Yvonne Hawkins:  Oh, Matthew.
 
 
 
Det. Chris Cavaliere: Hey.  You owe me an apology.
 
Nick: I'm sorry ... 
 
Nick: ... that you feel that way.
