
 
 
Brass: So, the gang unit says our D.B. is a sixteen-year-old Tyson Plummer.
Sofia Curtis: How many holes in the victim?
Grissom: I count four.
Sofia Curtis: Eleven shell casings. Shooter emptied the gun -- so he was moving and shooting. Only hit the vic four times.
Grissom: She talks to herself.
Brass: Hey, it works for me.
Sofia Curtis: Bullets that missed hit the outside building wall.
 
Kid 1:  Hey, man, what ya doing in my back alley! 
Kid 2: Man, you know Andre didn't cap him like that.
 
Kid 1: Did too.
Kid 2: Did not!
Kid 1: Did too!
Kid 2: How you gonna tell me?
Kid 1: I saw him ...
Greg: Hey, guys, can I talk to you for a sec?
Kid 2: Run!
 
Greg: I just want to ask you a few questions.
 
Kid 2: Yo man! Wait up!
 
 
 
Greg:  Grissom ...
Grissom:  Go ahead, Greg.
Greg:  We got a young male D.B. by the dumpster.
Grissom:  I'll be right there.
 
 
Officer: Hey, hey!
 
Leo Plummer: Get your damn hands off me!
 
Brass: Whoa, whoa. I can't let you touch him. What's your name?
 
Leo Plummer: I'm Plummer. Leo. That's my brother right there. They didn't have to do him like that, Dawg.
Brass: I know you know who did this, Leo.
Leo Plummer: Ain't your problem, man. Whoever did this is gonna get got.
Brass: Oh, no, don't say stuff like that. Because only two things can happen: You in shackles or you on a slab. So, let's break the odds this time. What do you say?
Leo Plummer: You done with me, Bacon? 'Cause I got family to go bury.

Brass: Yeah.
 


 
 
Officer: This is Lincoln three. We've got a four-fifteen-A on scene.
 
 
Grissom: You okay?
Greg: Hell no, I'm not okay. Who the hell's shooting at us?
Grissom: I don't know, but I think our single just turned into a triple.
 
 
 
 
Greg: Somebody tried to just throw him out with the trash.
Sara: If the dumpster wasn't full he would've ended up at the landfill.
David Phillips: He hasn't been dead long. He's just coming out of rigor, so I'd say less than twenty-four hours.
Sara: He wasn't in the box long enough to mummify, but the kid looks like an ad for hunger relief. Okay, let's, um, transport him in situ.
 
Sara: Be very careful moving the body. You okay?
Greg: Yeah. Fine.
 
Officer: Come on, let's go.
Man:  Rodney King, yo! Rodney King. Yo! Y'all see this? That's Rodney King, Dawg! Let me go, Dawg! Let me go, man!
 
 
Man: Get off me, man! That's Rodney King, Dawg! Let me ... Get off! Get off me! Get off! Get off me! Bitches! We call it brutality!

Brass: So, uh ... you think these concerned citizens are taping the capture of a vicious killer?
 
Grissom: If they're taping now, maybe they caught that second shooting on video. Maybe you could collect the cameras.

Brass: I love this guy.
Grissom: It says 'forensics' on our jacket.
Sofia Curtis: I'm aware of that.
Grissom: We had plenty of cops chasing the suspect.
Sofia Curtis: I wasn't chasing the suspect. I was chasing the evidence. I knew the idiot was likely to dump the gun. 
 
Sofia Curtis: All we have to do is ballistics-match the weapon to both victims. Case closed.
 
 
Warrick: Hey.
Nick: Hey, man.
Det. Vartann:  What's up?
Nick: Thanks.
 
Det. Vartann: Suspects wait in central holding to be processed and transferred to jail. They assaulted the officers with feces and then the cops went in.
Nick: Great.
Warrick: To bust some heads.

Nick: Hoo ... so, you've got a Samuel Mendez with a cracked skull listed as death imminent, right?
 
Det. Vartann: Yeah. It's why they kicked it up to homicide.
Warrick: You think the cops used excessive force here?
 
Det. Vartann: Well, if they did it's mitigating circumstances.
Warrick: Yeah.
 
Nick: Yeah, well, if they'd've thrown a bunch of feces at me, I would have cracked some skulls too.
 
Nick: This is the last place I thought I'd see a gun.
Det. Vartann: It was found under the victim.
Nick: Could be his.
Warrick: Arresting officer must have done a lousy search.
 
 
Nick: Wow ... this is a lot of crap. What, did they squat on cue?
Warrick: Overflowing toilet. There's enough ammunition right there.
Nick: So, the cops bust in to get the prisoners under control when they start throwing raw sewage?

 
Warrick: Well, there must have been some real bad asses in here. Looks like it got pretty heated.

 
Overhead:  ... Security Officers for lockdown debriefing.
 
 
Nick: You want to tell me what happened here?
 
Prisoner 1: Cops iced the kid. What else you want to know?
 
Prisoner 1: Could tell he was a fish from the jump, though.
Nick: A fish?
 
Prisoner 1: New to the game.
 
Officer:  You want to go to the hold, boy?

 
Prisoner 2: What?
 
Nick: You see what happened?
 
Prisoner 3: The po-po gutted the fish. I saw the whole thing. Same thing they did to me. Two beatings in one day. Rodney King, yo.

 
Dr. Franks: I'm sorry, uh, who are you?
Catherine: I'm Catherine Willows. I'm with the Crime Lab.
Dr. Franks: Oh. I'm Dr. Franks, attending. Have you located his family yet?
Catherine: No.
Dr. Franks: I need to find someone to sign a release, take him off the ventilator.
Catherine: He's brain dead?
Dr. Franks: Oh, yeah. I'm hoping the family will donate his organs.
Catherine: Tell me about his injuries.
Dr. Franks: He's got blunt-force trauma to the frontal and sphenoid bones.
 
Dr. Franks: It fragmented his skull, damaged his temporal arteries and imbedded in his brain.

Catherine: Well, those are shoe prints on his face, which suggests that he was attacked while he was down.
 
Dr. Franks: Well, he came from county lock-up. Must have been a hell of a fight.

 
Robbins: The victim's about five years old. He was just losing his baby teeth. X-rays show metaphyseal fractures to the right humerus and acromion. They're called corner or bucket-handle fractures.
Sara: Shake the baby?
Robbins: It's more like snatch and shake. Violent shaking creates shearing forces, causing fragment fractures at the end of the growth plate. It's highly specific for abuse.
 
Voice :  I said, Get up!
 
 
Sara: How old do you think these fractures are?
Robbins: Well, this kind of fracture doesn't usually heal with callus you can easily see. My guess, less than six months.
 
Sara: He is emaciated. He looks drawn. The only thing missing is a swollen belly.
Robbins: It's called cachexia. The soft tissue is diminished and drawn around the skull. The eyes are sunken, and there's prominent tenting where the skin should retract.
 
Sara: His ribs are poking through his skin. He starved to death, didn't he?
Robbins: C.O.D. is renal failure due to starvation. His intestinal tract was virtually empty, except for these brown flecks I found. 
 
Robbins: Hepatic steatosis, the liver goes yellow and greasy. Ketoacidosis, fat stores are used for energy, and then rhabdomyolysis - the muscles broken down for fuel. Think of the body as digesting itself.


 
 
Sara: This took weeks.
Robbins: I have to admit, this seems especially cruel and unusual.
Sara: When kids are involved, it usually is.
 
 
Lt. Arthur Chen: It's 10-by-18-foot cell built for 25 people. We've got thirty-five mutts and no place to put the extras. Between the yo's, the cholos and the rednecks, it was bound to happen.
Warrick: Thirty-five guys, that's a lot of men to fit in one room.
Lt. Arthur Chen: Cops round them up, we process them. It usually doesn't take long, but today we got jammed.
Det. Vartann: What was the problem?
Lt. Arthur Chen: Computer went down, plumbing backed up. You name it, we had it.
Det. Vartann: Any rival bangers in the same cell?
Lt. Arthur Chen: No. I rechecked the roster. We don't want the yo's killing each other in custody. Why we bother, I'll never know.
Warrick: You ever think an overcrowded cell mixed with bad plumbing was the reason they threw the contents?
Lt. Arthur Chen: They don't need a reason. Bad monkeys at the zoo.
 
Det. Vartann: So, uh, how did the gun get past security?
Lt. Arthur Chen: Arresting officer did a bad search.
Warrick: Don't you search them again when they get to the holding cell?
Lt. Arthur Chen: What?
Warrick: Don't you search them again when they get here?
Lt. Arthur Chen: Is there something you want to get off your chest?
Warrick:  A gun in a cell is sloppy police work, man.
 
Lt. Arthur Chen: I don't like what you're implying about me or my men.
 
Warrick: Then maybe you need to dial down your attitude. A man is brain dead here! I don't care what he was like when he was alive, and neither should you, don't you think?
Lt. Arthur Chen: All I know, there's one less b*st*rd I gotta watch my back for. There's five of us, so the odds are in their favor. You're a crime scene tech. I'm law enforcement, which means you don't get to tell me what to do in my jail.
Warrick: If I find out you used excessive force on an unarmed prisoner, you won't have a jail.
Lt. Arthur Chen: I think we're done here.
 
Warrick: I don't think so. Not quite. I'm going to need your armor, your shields, your boots and your batons.  Right now!

 
Sofia Curtis: I'll, uh ... ran John Doe minor's DNA against the missing persons database. I'm sorry, no hits.
Sara: Yeah, I'm not surprised. They didn't care enough to feed him, why would they report him missing?
 
Sofia Curtis: What's going on in here?
Sara: The victim had a prior abuse fracture.
Sofia Curtis: And you're hoping Child Protective Services investigated?
Sara: Well, based on the age of the victim, the age of the fracture and the break pattern, I found ten possible matches.
Sofia Curtis: Well, it's going to take you forever to go through these alone.
Sara: I'll get it done. 
Sofia Curtis: It took me a long time to get where I was, Sara. Now I feel like I'm starting from scratch. I miss sleeping at night. I miss my colleagues. I miss ...
Sara: What?
Sofia Curtis: Being trusted.
 
 
Warrick: Okay.
 
Mia Dickerson: What's on the menu today, Warrick?
 
Warrick: A gun ... face shields, vests ... batons ... please run the batons first.
Mia Dickerson: Why? You thinking bad cop?
Warrick: Well, the batons were the only weapons inside of the cell. Everything else was fixed ...

Warrick: ... to the floor, to the walls.

Mia Dickerson: You gonna get that?
 
Warrick: No.
Mia Dickerson:  Player.
Warrick: Oh, now I'm a 'player'. You make up your mind pretty quick.
Mia Dickerson: I'll, uh, page you when I get the results.
Warrick: Yeah?
 
Warrick: He was a rough one last night, so I called to check on him. But since I'm here, I can do it in person. Anything else you want to say to me?
Mia Dickerson:  Have a nice day.
Warrick:  Is that it?
Mia Dickerson:  That's it.

Sofia Curtis: Am I interrupting?
 
Warrick: No.
Mia Dickerson: No.
 
Warrick:  Good day.
 
Sofia Curtis: He's pretty hot.
Mia Dickerson: Yeah, well, I think he knows it.
Sofia Curtis: Anything on the hairs from the plastic coffin?
Mia Dickerson: Ah, yeah, I actually did find one hair with a root tag still attached, and it's a priority run for me as soon as I get something to compare it to. Sara also collected a bunch of synthetic hairs. I'm thinking doll, wig, maybe fake fur. I sent them over to trace.
 
 
Sara: I went through child abuse cases, looking for a match to the victim's age and fracture. I pulled the x rays of our most likely candidates.
Robbins: Sinus identification is as reliable as fingerprints. Sinuses are unique; they have distinct, scalloped edges.
 
 
Sara: No match.
Robbins: It's harder to identify children this way because they, uh, develop so quickly.
 
 
Sara: This is it.
Robbins: Bingo. Yep. Frontal and ethmoid sinuses line up perfectly.
 
Sara:  Devon Malton, age five, last known residence was a foster home run by a Lorna Tenney.
 
 
Lorna Tenney: So, which one of my kids is in trouble?
Brass: No, you are, Mrs. Tenney.
Lorna Tenney: Oh? Which one of my kids lodged a complaint?
Sara: That happen a lot?
Lorna Tenney: Well, it goes with the territory.
Brass: We're here about, uh, Devon Malton.
Lorna Tenney: Well, he hasn't lived here in six months.
Sara: Since he fractured his arm?
Lorna Tenney: CPS investigated. They cleared me.
Sara: Records show Devon resides here.
Lorna Tenney: Well, records are wrong.
Brass: Mind if we come in and take a look around?
Lorna Tenney: I do.
Sara: If you've got nothing to hide...
Lorna Tenney:  Oh, save it. Those mind games don't work on me. I deal with the police often enough to know better than to talk to you without my attorney or to let you poke around my things. 
Brass: Look, Family Services says you have this kid.
Lorna Tenney: Mm-hmm.
Brass: They've issued aid checks. Now, who do you expect me to believe?
Lorna Tenney: The checks come, I send them back. I've got the copies to prove it.
Brass: Look, it's either here or at the station. So, you choose.
Lorna Tenney: Then let's go, because you don't set foot in my house without a warrant.

 
David Hodges: Heard you had a real sphincter pucker last night. So what kind of gun are you getting?
Greg: Plenty of guns at crime scenes. Cops have them, some criminalists ...
David Hodges: Yeah, cops make great targets. Plus, CSIs get shot at all the time, or didn't they tell you?
 
Greg: If this is why you paged me then I ...
David Hodges: I got the results on the bin contents.
 
Greg: Well?
David Hodges: Are you sure you're okay? You don't look so good. 
 
David Hodges: I detected mineral oil, titanium dioxide, stearic acid, isopropylpalpitate using polarized light microscopy, GCMS and FTIR.
Greg: Is that makeup?
David Hodges: Burnt sienna foundation. The cheap stuff.
Greg: What about the intestinal tract contents?
 
David Hodges: Lead-based paint chips ... last used in 1978.
Greg: That whole neighborhood looks like it was built in the 70s. Could've come from any one of the apartment buildings or the houses.
David Hodges: Which means that sooner or later, you're going to have to be going back out to the hood. Nervous?
Greg: Hmm ...
 
 
 
Mr. Mendez: I'm sorry, doctor. I can't donate his organs.
Dr. Franks: I assure you your son has no brain activity, Mr. Mendez. He's gone.
Mr. Mendez: No, no, you don't understand. I don't know who that is in there, but it's not my son.
Catherine: Mr. Mendez. I'm Catherine Willows, with the Las Vegas Crime Lab. Are you sure?
Mr. Mendez: Look, I've been waiting for this phone call a long time. My kid took a wrong turn somewhere -- maybe it's my fault, I don't know -- but somebody's boy is in that bed and he's not mine. 
 
Dr. Franks: Either he can't accept reality or the county made a big mistake.
Catherine: Well, there's only one way to find out. I'll have to take his prints.

 
 
Glynnis: Guys. Do your work.

Sara: Hi.
 
Sara: You like chemistry?
Glynnis: No. I'm not smart enough.
Sara: Sure you are. Glynnis, right?
 
Sara: Quantum theory. That's compelling stuff actually.
Glynnis: Look, you can to question me, fine. You don't have to pretend to be interested in me.
Sara: I'm sorry that was lame. I guess I was just trying to put you at ease. I know what it's like.
Glynnis: What?
Sara: Living with strangers. Your fate being decided bysocial workers, advocates, judges...
Glynnis: You were in the system.
Sara: For a while.
Glynnis: I've been in foster care for ten years. I moved from one home to the next. Believe me, Mrs. Tenney is one of the good ones.
 
Sara: She's not very cooperative.
Glynnis: Well, she's been burned a lot. Look, I know she comes off as tough, but she really cares. Enough to tell us the truth, even if it hurts.
Sara: You remember a little boy named Devon?
Glynnis: Yeah. Cute kid. About five years old.
Sara: Your foster mom said that Devon left months ago. Is that true?
Glynnis: Yeah. Why all the questions?  Did something happen?
Sara: Yeah.
Glynnis:  Is he dead?
Sara: Yeah.
Glynnis: I don't understand. His mom came and picked him up. That never happens. You could just see how much she loved those boys.
Sara: Glynnis ... Did Devon have brothers at the foster home?
Glynnis: Yeah. Two older brothers, Kevin and, and Raymond. What happened to them?


;
 
 
Delia Brooks: The boy's mother, Candice Malton, served forty-seven of the ninety-day sentence for smashing a brick into her abusive boyfriend's face.
Sara: Sounds like self-defense to me.
Delia Brooks: Yeah. If. She would've walked after the first hit.
Brass: So, how many times did she actually hit him?
Delia Brooks: Five. Takes battered women a while to see the light, but once they do, there's no going back.
Brass: Okay, so the Malton boys were placed in foster care while mom served her sentence.
Delia Brooks: A single mother, she reinstated her parental rights as soon as she got out of jail. After what happened to her son, she didn't want anything to do with Child Services.
Brass: Any idea where the mother is now? 
Delia Brooks: No, I've already checked Welfare, Medicaid, HUD rolls -- she's in the wind.
Brass: I'll put out a Bulletin.
Sara: No offense, but why didn't you check into the kids after the mom was released from jail?
Delia Brooks: Eight thousand child abuse/neglect investigations a year. There's only so much we could do. Look, despite her taste in men, in my opinion, Candice Malton was a good mother.
 
Sara: One of her sons is dead and the other two are missing.
 
Sara: What's good about that?

 
Catherine: Hey, Mia. Did you finish processing the batons?
Mia Dickerson: Oh, yeah. Just now.  I found blood, epithelials and hair on all of them. There are several DNA sources from everyone but the victim.
Catherine: Which means that a police baton never connected with Sam Mendez. He had to already be down when the cops entered the cell. Thanks.


 
Lt. Arthur Chen: Catherine Willows?
Catherine: Yeah?
Lt. Arthur Chen: Lieutenant Arthur Chen, watch commander for Central Holding.
Catherine: We are almost finished with our investigation, but I can tell you that the victim's prints don't match the Sam Mendez that's wanted for murder.
Lt. Arthur Chen: Are you telling me we arrested the wrong guy?
Catherine: It was a routine traffic stop. The arresting officer ran the name and got an immediate warrant hit.
 
Catherine:  An arrest warrant for murder and two guys with the same name.
 
Officer: Out of the car! Out of the car!
Samuel Mendez: What'd I do?
Officer: Hands up!

Lt. Arthur Chen: Arresting officer did his job; I did my job.
Catherine: No one's saying that you didn't.
Lt. Arthur Chen: Your subordinate Warrick Brown did.
Catherine: With all due respect, Lieutenant, that really doesn't sound like the Warrick Brown I know.
Lt. Arthur Chen: You're a civilian, but even you understand 'chain of command'. Now, I'm giving you an opportunity to adjust his attitude. Don't make me.
 
 
Sofia Curtis: Heard you found a print on the bin.
Greg: I did. Under the lip curve.

 
Sofia Curtis: What?
Greg: Well, I'm not sure what's the best way to process the print.
Sofia Curtis: You take digital photos?
Greg: Yeah.
 
Sofia Curtis: Well, hand them over. I'll load it into the computer and reconstruct the image while you finish processing.
Greg: What else is there left to do but run it through AFIS?
Sofia Curtis: You're going to need an actual print for court.
Greg: Are you saying that I'm going to have to cut it out in order to lift it?
 Isn't that destroying the evidence?
Sofia Curtis: No. You're recovering it. As long as you document it, you're fine.
Greg: Oh.
 
 

 
 

 
Greg: Well, I appreciate your help.
Sofia Curtis: No big deal.
Greg: I don't know if I'd be quite as accommodating after just being ... 

Greg: Well, you know.
Sofia Curtis: Demoted?
Greg: Yeah.
 
Sofia Curtis: No hit in AFIS. I've widened the search. I've got an FBI database hit.
 
Sofia Curtis: Your print belongs to an enlisted man. Private First Class Phillip Riley.
 
 
Phillip Riley: I hope you can tell me what the hell is going on. MP's just dragged me off a transport to Tikrit. That makes me look bad. Not that I mind. Better here than over there. You know what I'm saying?
Brass: Oh, you're an Americanhero. And I mean that, you are. What the hell were you doing on D Street?
Phillip Riley: D Street?
Brass: Explain to me why your fingerprints ended up on a plastic bin container in an alley off DStreet?
Phillip Riley: Oh, Come on!
Brass: Oh, did I forget to mention there was a dead kid inside? 
Phillip Riley: Well, well, I thought this was about paying for trimming inside county lines. All I did was take out the trash. That's all I did.
Brass: For who?
Phillip Riley: Some chicken head ghetto rat. I-I-I was shipping out and-and decided to party. You know, she was all I could afford.
Brass: Where'd you meet her?
Phillip Riley: Some dive. Seven sins.
Brass: What was her name?
Phillip Riley: Divine. I think. I-I don't remember if she told me her last name. Anyway, we had some fun and when I was done, she told me to take out the trash. End of story.
Brass: Not quite. Where does she live?
Phillip Riley: North Vegas somewhere. I was drunk as hell.
Brass: I want you to think real hard.
Phillip Riley: I swear to God. I don't know. I really don't.
Brass: How'd you get there? 
Phillip Riley: In a taxi. And I left the same damn way.


Warrick: Aw, it looks good on you.
Catherine: Thanks.
 
Catherine: Have a seat.

Warrick: So what's up?
Catherine: Lieutenant Chen dropped by.
 
Warrick: Really. I wonder what for.
Catherine: To complain about you. Wish you told me you had a beef with him.
Warrick: There was nothing to say. We had words, it got heated, then it was over.
Catherine: Well ...  ... I'm the supervisor of the swing shift. I'm responsible for the whole team. It's my job to make sure that we remain objective and professional.
Warrick: Yeah, I really don't see what the big deal is. I mean, I remember talking to Grissom ...
Catherine: Well, I'm not Grissom. He let a lot of things slide that I won't.
Warrick: Okay. Is there anything else?
Catherine: The evidence cleared the extraction team. You owe Lieutenant Chen an apology.
Warrick: Written or verbal?
Catherine: From now on, anything that happens at a crime scene, I'm your first phone call.
Warrick: Sure.

 
Nick:  Fire in the hole! Shooting two!

 
Catherine: We now know the cops were not responsible, so that leaves us with thirty-four suspects, all with rap sheets. Is there anything to narrow the focus?
Warrick: Well, I compared all thirty-four pairs -- I came up with one sole pattern ...  ... and one suspect -- Vincent Mendoza ... booked for meth manufacture.
Catherine: Well, the official C.O.D. was blunt force trauma to the head, not stomping.
Warrick: Well, it's not unreasonable to think the same guy that caused the blunt force trauma can also stomp him.
Catherine: Well, that all sounds good, but why go to all that trouble?
Nick: Because the gun was hot. Ran it though IBIS. It was used in an execution-style murder.
Catherine: The last thing the guy wanted to do was to get caught with a gun that had a body on it.
Warrick: Yeah, well, this victim looks like the perfect patsy to drop a gun on.
 
Nick: Yeah ... little fish in a tank full of sharks.
 
 
Margaret Finn: What's on the table, gentlemen?
Det. Vartann: Murder, two counts.
Warrick: Your client killed a man in a holding cell and tried to frame the cops for it.
Vincent Mendoza: That's bull and you know it.
Margaret Finn: Shh. Let's hear the corroborating evidence, and it'd better be good.
Det. Vartann: Mr. Mendoza was hooked in a raid on a meth lab. Problem was, he was carrying a concealed weapon and had no time to ditch it.
Warrick: He dropped the weapon down his pants, planned to get rid of it in Central Holding before the cavity search.
Margaret Finn: So far, I'm not hearing anything you can actually prove.
Warrick: Well, I'm sure Vincent here knew a lot of people inside since he is a repeat offender. But only one man didn't fit, huh? Fear must've been rolling off him in waves so strong you could probably smell it.

 
Vincent Mendoza: What you looking at, huh?
Sam Mendez: Nothing. Nothing.
Vincent Mendoza: I said, what're you looking at, Mark?
Sam Mendez: Nothing. Nothing.
 

Inmate:  911! 911, man!\


 
Vincent Mendoza: Typical. Knew you guys would try to pin this on me. I wasn't anywhere near the fish.
Det. Vartann: You sure about that?
Vincent Mendoza: That's what I said, isn't it?
Warrick: Well, it's good to know, since your boot prints were found on the victim's head.
Det. Vartann: See, you didn't want to get caught with a gun used in another homicide. A meth dealer, your partner, was found in the desert two weeks ago.
Margaret Finn: Any one of those guys could've carried a gun into the holding cell.
Warrick: It's not likely, unless you can explain how Vincent here got his pubic hair and feces caught in the gun's hammer.
Margaret Finn: Give us some time.
Warrick: How's twenty-five to life sound?
 
 
Lyric: True respect and ghetto love / now raise it up / 'cause everything in life gonna come to an end / because it ... 
 
Divine: Forty buys the lips, a hundy gets you south. Goes double for around the world.
 
Divine: You got a car?  You sure about that?
Guy: Mm-hmm.
Divine: 'Cause you don't look like you got a car to me.
 
Brass: Take a hike, John. I'm her next appointment.
 
Divine: I didn't do nothing but sit here, officer.
Brass: On your feet.
 
Divine: Can't believe you're gonna ruin my day for this. You don't have enough to charge me with solicitation. 
 
Divine: Hey! Watch it, bitch.
Sara: It's a wig, hair is consistent. Could you open your mouth for me, please?
Brass: Come on, you can do that in your sleep, honey. Open up or we'll have to stick you with a needle.
 
 

Catherine: Taking your pet for a walk?
 
Grissom: Know how much you like my little fetal pig, so I'm giving him to you as an office-warming gift.
Catherine: That is so thoughtful. Now tell me why you really stopped by. You checking up on me?
Grissom: No.
Catherine: What've you heard? Who talked to you?
Grissom: See? You've been on the job for a week and you're already paranoid.
Catherine:  When I was your right-hand and your left, I always knew that if it hit the fan, that you'd be the one to get dirty.
Grissom: Hey, that's the job.
Catherine: Yeah, that's the job.  Did you ever play politics?
Grissom: I once ran for president of the science club in junior high. Mary Hardy beat me out by one vote.
Catherine: I'm going to guess that you didn't vote for yourself.
Grissom: I'm not any good at politics. And it's cost me. It's how I lost Nick and Warrick.
Catherine: Your loss was my gain.
Grissom: Yeah. And at least they're in good hands.
 
 
Divine: We been sitting here a long-ass time.
Brass: What can I say? I like your company.
Divine: What'd you bring me down here for? I was only trying to make a few bucks.
Brass: Yeah.
 
Sara: DNA's a match.
Divine: Match to what?
Sara: To one of your hairs that you left on the body of a little boy.
Divine: I don't know what you're talking about.
Brass: No? I wonder why anyone would leave one kid with you much less three.
Sara: You have seven alleles in common with the dead boy. Although that's not enough to say you're related, it's certainly enough to keep digging.
Brass: You know, I ran your wants and warrants. It kicked out some aliases. I mean, Devine's a street name. But you're also known as Darlene Lewis, married briefly to a grifter. And a.k.a. Darlene Malton. Hey, that's the same last name as the victim.
Sara: To starve anyone is beyond me, but to do it to a child ... a relative, is unforgivable.
 
 
Divine: Wasn't even like that. My cousin Candy left me with them bad-ass kids and no money. How am I supposed to feed them?
Sara: You don't look like you've missed any meals to me.
Divine: Know what, skinny bitch, go to hell. I just scrape by.
Brass: If you couldn't take care of them, why didn't you just turn them over to Social Services?
Divine: I promised I wouldn't. Little D got hurt last time. She would've killed me.
Sara: What's she going to do when she finds out her son is dead?
Divine: I did the best I could.
Brass: Okay, where are the boys now?
 
Divine: Uh-uh, you're not gonna blame this on me. I want a lawyer.
Brass: You can have a lawyer after you give me the address. But let me tell you something -- if those boys die, I'm going to make it my business to see you get the death penalty.
 
 
Neighborhood Kid: What's up, white boy? What you looking at?
 
Brass: There's no one in the house.
Sara: Where are the kids?
Brass: I don't know, let's check around back.
 
Brass:  So, turns out that mom was sending money after all. I found this letter inside mailed from Seattle with three hundred bucks in it for the kids' upkeep. And that skanky bitch used it to buy a new TV.
 
 


 
Sara: Paint chips.
Greg: Smells like a toilet.
 
Brass: Yeah, she never let them upstairs.  Kevin, Raymond ...
 
Brass: Oh, no. I'm going to call an ambulance.
 
Brass:  This is Detective Jim Brass. I need EMS.
Dispatch:  Copy that, EMS. Over.
 
Sara:  He's alive! We need water and blankets.
Greg:  I'll get them.
Sara: Oh, my gosh.
 
Sara: Hey. Are you Kevin or Raymond?
 
Sara: It's all right. It's all right, you're safe now. It's okay.
 
 
Brass: So, Seattle P.D. has located Candace Malton. They're putting her on a plane tonight. They said she's pretty broken up.
Sara: She left her kids with her hooker cousin. She should've known better.
 
Sara: Where are you going to take her first, the hospital or the morgue?
Brass: Guess I might as well get it over with. I mean, once she sees the kids she's not going to want to leave them.  What do you think?
Sara: Go with the living, Jim. The dead can wait.
