
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nanette Faber: Hey, Len.
 
Nanette Faber: Thanks.

Security Guard: Hi.
Nanette Faber: 


Nanette Faber: Thanks.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joanne McKay: Some night, huh?
 
Nanette Faber: It's ugly out there.
 
 
Hospital Administrator: We have two types of patients here: The criminally insane and sexually violent predators, all with multiple convictions.
 
Hospital Administrator: We get all the inmates the prisons can't handle.
 
Hospital Administrator: Keep your kits closed and locked when not in use. Um, Ms. Sidle, best if you remove the vest. New uniforms upset them.
 
 
 
Hospital Administrator: We're mostly concerned with maintaining psychiatric remission. We want to stabilize symptoms and reduce an individual's risk of violence to himself and to others.
 
Hospital Administrator: Oh, uh, could you actually stop here and put your backs against the wall, please.  It's, uh, standard safety procedure. 
 
 
Leon Madera: Put your tongue in your mouth, Jake.
 
Hospital Administrator: We're moving them all to the day room.
 
 
 
 
Nanette Faber:  This is not good. The hospital doesn't need this.
 
 
Hospital Administrator: This is Captain Brass. Dr. Grissom and Ms. Sidle are from the Crime Lab.
Reed Owens: Lt. Reed Owens, Desert State Hospital Police.
Hospital Administrator: We have our own internal police team and Lieutenant Owens was the first officer on the scene after the call came in.
Reed Owens: The victim was found by Nurse Faber at approximately 12:10 A.M.
Nanette Faber: Joanne was coming off shift, I was coming on. Doing bed checks, I found Robbie on the floor. Kenny was in the corner covered in blood.
 
Brass: Are the patients locked in their rooms at night?
Hospital Administrator: No. The doors are left unlocked.
 
Brass: So they're free to roam around?
Hospital Administrator: Locked rooms usually lead to patients trying to harm themselves.
 
Brass: Where's Kenny now?
Nanette Faber: He's been taken to seclusion.


 
Leon Madera: Shh-shh-shh.
Nanette Faber: Leon, let's get a couple more milligrams of lorazepam into him.
 
Sara: How did he get those wounds?
Leon Madera: Oh, Kenny's a self-mutilator. He suffers from Renfield's syndrome; gets off on blood.
 
Nanette Faber: Shh ... 
Leon Madera: Couple of weeks ago I caught him gouging himself with a carpet staple.
 
Grissom: He was wearing these clothes when you found him?
Nanette Faber: Yes.
 
 
 
Grissom: There was blood spatter all over the victim's room.
Sara: Blood but no spatter on Kenny's clothes.
Grissom: I'm not sure this is our guy.
Sara:  Locked unit. Finite number of suspects.
Grissom: Crazy or not ... here we come.
 
 
Brass: Who's this guy knitting an imaginary sweater? How's he know when it's finished?
Grissom: His brain tells him that what he's doing is real. He has no reason to doubt it. 
Brass: Or any desire to.
 
Grissom: They asked John Nash how he could believe that extraterrestrials were sending him messages. He said that the messages came to him in the same way that his mathematical ideas did. So he had to take them seriously.
 
Valerie Dino: Hey. Valerie Dino. I'm the on-call doctor.
Grissom: Did you pronounce?
Valerie Dino: Yeah. The administration asked me to set up some rooms for your interviews, but, uh, personally, I don't see what you hope to accomplish. These patients are criminals with severe mental disorders. They're not going to give you a straight answer.
Brass:  No one ever does.
Psychiatrist: DR. VALERIE DINO 
Nurse: JOANNE MCKAY 
Noc. Nurse: NANETTE FABER 
Psych. Tech: LEON MADERA
 
 
Ronald Salter: I definitely heard something. He said, 'I'll get in!' No, no, it was, 'I'm coming in.' I heard him say it. And it's not like he isn't serious.
 
Grissom: Who isn't serious?
 
Ronald Salter: The, uh, perpetrator.
 
Grissom: Can you tell me anything else about him?
Ronald Salter: Oh, no, I couldn't.
Grissom: Why not?
Ronald Salter:  He's here.
 
Grissom: In this room? 
 
Grissom: Is his name Ronald?
Ronald Salter: No. My name is Ronald.
Grissom: What's his name?
Ronald Salter: He doesn't have a name. He's a cricket.
 
Ronald Salter: Here.
Grissom: A cricket?
Ronald Salter: Yes. Trying to burrow a hole in my head. 
 
 
Earl Simmonds: I don't sleep.
 
Brass: Never? 
 
 
Brass: So what do you do at night?
Earl Simmonds: Day, night, it don't make no difference. I think.
Brass: About what?
Earl Simmonds: Bitches.
 
 
Grissom: What's so amusing?
Adam Trent: So let's say you find out who did it, and maybe it's me. 
--NGS COUPLED WITH DELUSION

Adam Trent: What are you going to do? Are you going to convict me of murder and put me in a bad place?
 
Grissom: Is it you?
Adam Trent: Check the files, sir. I'm a rapist, not a murderer.

 
 
Brass: Robert Garson?
 
Brass: Hmm?
 
 
Grissom: Do you know what happened to Robert Garson?
 
Charles Pellew: Female pig relation, hanged, it sped even, well, too.
Grissom: What?
 
Charles Pellew: No. I ground it ... blindly. Wet and dirty. Cut the blood oven. It spoke justly, repeatedly, calmly. Some thin rod dared your wash. They foretold this into some ready child, which fell crossly. They hag-rode me... again.
 
 
Jake: Why are you looking at me? You got Leon, he's a spic. Earl, the brother. And the crazy frickin' Jew boy with the bug in his head.
-S: ANTI-SOCIAL O-
 
Jake: You know, most of the doctors here are Jewish. They're the ones with the access.
C-113
 
 
 
Valerie Dino: Yeah?
 
Sara: Dr. Dino.
 
Valerie Dino: Hi. 
Sara: Paperwork. 
Valerie Dino: This is a state-run facility. What can I help you with?
Sara: Question about the victim. I have heard that in some cases of deviant sexual predisposition, you slow the s*x drive ...
Valerie Dino:  If you're talking about chemical castration, the answer is, yes, Robbie was.
Sara: So he didn't m*st*rb*t*.
Valerie Dino: m*st*rb*t*, yes. Ejaculate, no.
Sara: So the semen that I found on his bed is someone else's?
Valerie Dino: Likely.
Sara: Thanks.
Valerie Dino: Sure.
 
 
Sara: Hey, guys, I found semen in the victim's room and it's probably not his. He was chemically castrated.
Brass: So you're thinking the donor could be the killer?
Grissom: s*x is the foreplay. Violence is the climax.
Brass: Well ...  Happy swabbing.
 
 
 
Reed Owens: They've been prepped. You're all set. 
 
Grissom: Thank you, Lieutenant.
 
Leon Madera: Here you go, padre. Wash your worries away.
 
Leon Madera: Thank you.

 
Grissom:  Well, you take that side. I'll take Jimminy Cricket.
Sara: Excellent.


 
Grissom: Say ah.
 
Ronald Salter: Ah.

 
Sara: Open for me, please.
 
Sara: Thank you.



Grissom: Say ah.
 
Charles Pellew: Aah-ah-ah.
 
Grissom: You, too, Leon.
Leon Madera: I work here.
Grissom: Exactly.
 
 
 
Sara: Open your mouth, please.
 
Sara: Would you open your mouth, sir?

 
 
Officer:  Settle down.
Elderly Inmate:  
Sara: Grissom ...
 
Sara: You take this one.

 

 
Robbins: Let's start with the stomach contents. They're fascinating. It reminded me of that scene in 'Jaws' where Dreyfuss cuts open the shark's belly and all kinds of weird things come out.
Grissom: You find a license plate?
Robbins: Well, not quite.
 
Robbins: Highlights include band-aids, wood chips, hair and half a snapshot.
Grissom: Pica?
Robbins: Boo?
Grissom: Pica is a compulsion to eat non-nutritive food items. It's from the Latin word for magpie, a bird with a large and indiscriminate appetite.
Robbins: Trichotillomania would explain the pulling out and eating of hair.
Grissom: Another OCD disorder.
Robbins: Uh, I sent hair and blood samples to tox.
 
Robbins: Stellate lacerations. Linear skull fracture extending into the calvarium. And contre-coup contusions to the frontal and temporal lobes.
Grissom: So C.O.D. Was blunt force trauma?
Robbins: No. Asphyxiation.
Grissom: During the struggle?
Robbins: No. Coagulation of the blood tells me that the head trauma was post-mortem, at least two hours after he was suffocated.
Grissom: So evidently dead wasn't dead enough.
Robbins: I also found ligature marks on the wrists and ankles.
 
Robbins: They showed up during the Y, peri-mortem. So, what, tortured? Tied up?
Grissom: Restrained.
 
 
Grissom: Nobody mentioned restraints.
 
 
Hodges: Would you ever bleach your hair? 
 
Hodges: I wouldn't. It's so Greg Sanders.
 

 
Hodges: Most of the hair is the vic's, but I also found that bleached sample as well. In my continuing quest to further my standing, I took it upon myself to get you the tox report.
Sara: Thanks.
Hodges: You're welcome. Blood came back with pretty hefty levels of olanzapine.
Sara: That's a potent anti-psychotic.
Hodges: Good for drooling. And also there's the, uh, not so potent smattering of ibuprofen.
Sara: That's it?
Hodges: That's it.
Forensic Science Laboratories
In accordance with your request, tox -
Performed and are now completed on the - 
------ ---- -------
 
Hodges: If I were institutionalized, I think I would hope for something better. Clonazepam, maybe.
 
Hodges: What, you, uh, think I'm crazy?
Sara: Crazy is as crazy does.
 
Sara: His chart indicated at least four other anti-psychotics. Why wasn't he getting those meds?
Hodges:  Do I look clairvoyant?
 
 
Brass: News flash from the loony bin. Two reported deaths in the last three years from 'complications due to restraint procedures.'
Grissom: And how many have gone unreported?
Brass: The hospital just got off probation. One more death by restraint brings the feds in.
Grissom: Good incentive to keep it quiet.
Brass: Or make it look like someone else did it.
Grissom: Yeah. Somebody who's crazy.


Hospital Administrator:  We're legally required to tape all our sessions.

 
Hospital Administrator: This is Robbie in the seclusion room the day he died.
 
 
 

 
Hospital Administrator: As you can see, the on-call doctor and Nurse McKay checked in on him.
 
 
Hospital Administrator: Two hours later, he was escorted out, so I resent the accusation. We've made a lot of changes. Policy, staff, surveillance have all been overhauled. Look, Robbie left the seclusion room alive.
Sara: Okay, fine. Who administers medication?
Hospital Administrator: Uh, the nurses, psych techs. Why is this important?
Sara: Well, according to his tox results, Robbie's system was short four anti-psychotics.
Hospital Administrator: Maybe he was cheeking them.
 
Leon Madera: Here you go, Robbie. Here's your feel-good. 




 
Brass: Why would he do that?
Hospital Administrator: They think they don't need 'em. They sell 'em, trade 'em or ... store them up, get high later.
Brass: We're gonna need to talk to his pharmacist.
 
 
Leon Madera: Who's next?
 
Leon Madera: Oh, come on, Earl.  There you go.
 
Leon Madera: Hey, you know I'm gonna bust your ass on the court, right?

Leon Madera: You better bring your 'A' game next time.
 
Leon Madera: Come on, Chuck, I got something for you.
 
 
 
 
Sara: Love your hair, Leon.
Leon Madera:  Thanks.
Sara: What do you got here?
 
Sara: Ibuprofen, laxative, aspirin. What are you treating exactly, schizophrenia or constipation? 
Brass: Where are the real drugs, Leon?

 
Brass: Man ... xanax, lanzopine, zoloft, suprazadone, clozapine, lorazapan, lithium, valium, wellbutrin, haldol, respiredone.
 
Sara: You took everything with street value.
Leon Madera:  Look, dude ... I get 22-K a year. That's nothing. Diddly-squat. I should get hazard pay. These people, I get ... I get spit on, puked on, peed on, bitten. I get my hair yanked out, I get my ass pinched, I get ... I get death threats. All for 22-K. So I supplement my income. It don't hurt nobody.
Sara: Are you a doctor?
Leon Madera:  Look, these places, they overmedicate all the time. It controls the population. And I don't endanger the patients, okay? I-I'm all about the patients.
Brass: Maybe Robbie caught you skimping on his meds, threatened to blow the whistle. There goes that supplemental income.
 
Robbie Garson: I see what you're doing. I'm reporting you. You're stealing.
Leon Madera: Robbie, hold on a second, hold on a second, will you?


 
Voice: All right, here you go, here you go, here you go.


 
Leon Madera: No. All right, no way, man. That's a story. 'Kay? That's not why he went to seclusion.
Sara: Why did he go to seclusion?
Leon Madera: He freaked out in group. I wasn't even there. Ask somebody who was. 
 
Leon Madera: Am I gonna lose my job? 'Cause these people ... need me.
Sara: According to the video logs, the victim was brought into seclusion at
 
Grissom: Body was found at 12:10. So sometime between 9:30 and midnight he was suffocated.
Sara: Probably closer to 9:30. The blood would've needed time to coagulate before his head was smashed in.
Grissom: And not necessarily by the same person.
 
Greg: Hey, how about some pillow talk? Robbie's pillow had saliva on it. Lots of it; all his.
Grissom:  Could be from drooling. Or it could be from dying.
Greg: Well, look at this -- I found slits at both ends.  Left hand ... and right hand.
 
Sara: Looks like we have a murder weapon.
 
Voice :  All past-level-three patients, please return to your unit for a head count. All past-level-three patients, please return to your unit ...
 
Sara: Thanks, officer.
 
Sara: Nurse McKay, hi. Dr. Dino said that you supervised group therapy yesterday.
Joanne McKay: Uh, yeah.
Sara: I heard there was an incident involving Robbie.
Joanne McKay: He had a personal item.
 
Sara: A personal item?

Joanne McKay: You can't bring anything in group except a beverage. It distracts the other patients.
Sara: What did he bring?
Joanne McKay: A photograph.
Sara: Of what?
Joanne McKay: A little boy.
Sara: What did you do?
Joanne McKay: I followed protocol.
 
Joanne McKay: Anybody else have anything they want to talk about?
Jake: I wanna know why everybody's always staring at me -- especially him.  He's staring at me. 
Elderly Man: I'm not staring at ... 
 
Joanne McKay: Hey, hey, hey. Hang on, hang on. Robbie? Wh-What have you got there?
Robbie Garson: Nothing.
 
Jake:  Fag candy.
Joanne McKay: Well, what's the rule? 
Robbie Garson: Um.
 
Joanne McKay: There's no personal items in here ...
 
Robbie Garson:  No!
Joanne McKay: Give me the...
 
Robbie Garson: No! 
Joanne McKay: Give me -- 
 
Robbie Garson: No! Don't touch me!
 
 
Joanne McKay: Watch it!

 
Joanne McKay: Boom, boom and boom: Medication, seclusion, restraint.
Sara: Tough love.
Joanne McKay: Call it what you want -- these aren't my children.
 
Sara: Why didn't you mention this information last night?
Joanne McKay: Because crap like that happens every day here.  I should get back to the unit.
Sara: Sure.
 
Sara:  Sidle.
Grissom:  We got the DNA results back on the semen on Robbie's sheets. Patient Adam Trent -- the nail biter.
Sara:  Okay.
 
 

 
Grissom: This stuff is dark.
Sara: Yeah. 'Course, I wouldn't expect Winnie the Pooh.
 
Grissom: Adam's subconscious was working overtime.
 
Sara: I bet you aced your Rorschachs.  Sometimes a dying whale is just a dying whale.
 




 
 
Grissom: These are all postdated over a year ago.
 
Grissom: It's not just his subconscious. This guy's got stuff buried everywhere.


;
 
 
Valerie Dino: 'Dearest Angel, I think of you wherever I go. You are my prince. I miss you. Write to me. Your only love, Mother.'  Another one. Uh ... 'It rained today. I thought of that time when you and I got caught in the storm at the lake. The fire ... I came home and made your favorite dinner. I even set a place for you ... ' so on and so forth.
Sara: That does not sound maternal to me.
Valerie Dino:  It's not.
Grissom: Incest?
Valerie Dino: Fully consummated. Mother-son incest is rare and deeply pathological. 
Sara: Oedipal complex taken too far?
Valerie Dino: Oedipus ... implies son to mother. In this case, the mother was seeking the love and creating the codependence. We call this a Jocasta Complex.
Grissom: Oedipus' mother.
Valerie Dino: When Adam was nine his father died. His mother replaced her dead husband with her son.
Sara: That's got to mess you up.
Valerie Dino: Yeah. Adam is schizo-affective, suicidal, and a pathological narcissist. When he was a teenager he was unable to retaliate against his mother and incapable of actual intimacy, so ... he started raping women.
Grissom: Always women?
Valerie Dino: Yes. Which is why I don't think he killed Robbie.
Sara: We found Adam's semen in Robbie's bed.
Valerie Dino: You see, that surprises me. Like any good psychopath, he rarely veers from his pattern. Adam is a single-celled organism who exists wholly for himself. He must've been getting something tangible in return.
Sara: What? Drugs? Cigarettes?
Valerie Dino: Drugs aren't his issue. And as far as I know he doesn't smoke. Um ... 
Grissom: So, uh, what can we learn from his artwork?
 
Valerie Dino: Uh ... he starts with an innocuous object: a tree, a cat, an oboe -- all of which he morphs into something deadly. You can see ... all of them.
Grissom: So, what should be safe turns into something unsafe.
Valerie Dino: Mother becomes lover.
Sara: What about the mother? Do you have any idea where she is?
Valerie Dino: She lives near Reno.
 
Sara: Based on the postmarks, it seems like she stopped writing him.
Valerie Dino: Every time a letter came, a manic episode followed, then a severe depression, including one suicide attempt. So I started sending the letters back. Eventually, she stopped writing. 
 
 
Adam Trent: Did I kill him? Yes.
Sara: Why?
Adam Trent: He was queer.
Sara: But you had s*x with him.
 

 

Adam Trent: No. He had s*x with me. He was the punk.
Sara: Was it consensual?
Adam Trent: I don't know.
Sara: So why did you do it?
Adam Trent: I don't know.
Sara: Okay. So then what happened?
Adam Trent: I took his head and I smashed it into the floor.
 
 
Sara: And that's how you killed him?
 
Adam Trent:  What? You don't believe me?
 
Sara: I'm just wondering if that's how you killed him.
Adam Trent: Yes. I'm saying this and this is true. And if you don't believe me, just look in the bucket in the latrine.
 
Adam Trent: Okay ...  Do you really want to know why I killed him?
Sara: Yes.
 

 



 
 
Adam Trent: It's because I'm crazy.
 
 
Sara: Not a word about suffocation.
Grissom: Well, his nails weren't long enough to leave those tears in the pillow. And there would have been traces of blood from his cuticles.
Sara: Something is off.
 
 
Grissom: Well, there's our blood splatter.
 
Grissom: What is that on the crotch?
Sara: Lipstick.
 

 
 
Sara: Where is Nurse McKay? I need to talk to her.
Reed Owens: She's on lunch duty.
Sara: All right. I can either take this and the underwear back to the lab and confirm the match, which will only extend our presence here. Or ... you can give me access to the nurse's station right now.

 

 
Sara: This must be the photo that Nurse McKay confiscated from Robbie in group. The missing half? I found blue tape in Robbie's room. 
 
Sara: Kind of looks like Adam.
Grissom: Where would Robbie get a picture of Adam?
Sara: Well, they were having s*x.
 
 
Grissom: I'm going to find someone who can open these drawers.
Sara: Okay.
 

 

 



 
 
Adam Trent: Hey. 
 

 
 

Adam Trent: Are you a spiritual person?
Sara: Sometimes.
Adam Trent: Do you believe that everything happens for a reason? That bad things are there to teach us a karmic lesson?
 
Adam Trent: You know, maybe all our problems can be cured by tuning in to a higher frequency.
 
Adam Trent: There's this one guy I read, he believes that illness, anxiety and fear all occur when people are vibrating at ten thousand cycles a second.

 

 

 
Adam Trent: If they could just get up to a hundred thousand cycles per second they'd be in the realm of sound, light and spirit, and everything would be just fine. Right?
Sara:  Yeah.

 
Adam Trent:  You know what I think? 

 
Adam Trent: I think I'm just vibrating at the wrong frequency.
 

Adam Trent:  Don't --
Sara:  It's okay.

Adam Trent:  Do you think I'm smart?

 
Sara:  Yeah?
 
Sara:  Uh-huh.
Grissom:  Oh, dear God.
Adam Trent:  Do you think I'm right?
Grissom:  Open the door.
 
Sara:  I do.

Adam Trent:  You do?
 
Orderly: I can't. I don't have the right key. 
Grissom:  Just open it.
 
 
 
Grissom: Please open the door.
Adam Trent:  Don't you move a muscle. I will grind you, you bitch. You hear me?
 
Adam Trent: Do not look at them!
Sara: Okay.
Adam Trent: Keep your eyes on the floor!
 
Joanne McKay: Wait! 
 
Joanne McKay: Adam -- 
 
Adam Trent: You! You, go away! 
 
Adam Trent:  You! You, go away!
Joanne McKay:  No!
 
Joanne McKay:  Adam! Stop!
 
Joanne McKay:  Get a medic in here!
 
Guard: Hold still. Apply some pressure.


 
Joanne McKay:  Where is it? Where is it?

 
 
Joanne McKay:  We need help in here!
 
 
 
 
Sara: When my father died, my mother came to a place like this for a while for evaluation. It looked the same, it smelled the same. It smelled like lies.
Grissom: You sure you're okay?
Sara: Crazy people do make me feel crazy.
Grissom: If you want, I can have somebody take your place.
Sara: I appreciate that. I do, I really do, but ... 
 
Joanne McKay: I'll be right back.
Man: Okay.
 
Sara: I kind of made a decision to move beyond that and ... I really want to finish this case.
Joanne McKay:  We have rules for a reason. 
 
Joanne McKay: You people come in here disrupting things. You're unsafe. This is your fault.
Grissom: Really?
Sara: You seem to take your job rather personally.
Joanne McKay: What are you suggesting?
Sara: That you had an intimate relationship with Adam Trent.
Joanne McKay:  That's ridiculous.
Sara: Your lipstick is on his underwear.
Joanne McKay: I gave Robbie my lipstick sometimes. Maybe he was wearing it when the whole thing ...
Grissom:  We didn't find any on his lips.
Joanne McKay: Well, that's your problem. 
 
Joanne McKay: What are you waiting for? Get him to the medical unit, stat.

 
 
 
 
 

 
Grissom: Excuse me.  Adam Trent was working on this piece?
Therapist: Yes. He made it on Monday.  But he never got a chance to fire it. Nurse McKay came in; they had a conversation. Actually, it was more of an argument, very heated, very loud. 


 
Therapist: And then she yanked him out of class.
Grissom: Was this on the wheel while they were arguing?
Therapist:  Yeah. 
 
Therapist: Adam's work is very provocative.
 
Grissom: Yeah. It speaks to me.
 
 
Sara: Acoustic archeology?
Grissom: In the '60s, experiments were done on clay pots and painted canvas. Scientists were able to ferret out sounds that were captured during the creative process in the clay and the paint.
 
Sara: Trippy.
Sofia Curtis: It's actually not that out there.  In the old days, the first gramophone recordings were made by taking the vibrations of sound and cutting them into wax cylinders while they were turning. 
 
Sofia Curtis:  Based on the frequency and intensity of the sound, the stylus cut into the wax, creating distinct variances of depth and width.
 
 
Sofia Curtis: For playback, a mechanical transducer vibrated along a groove, generating a current which, when amplified, turned into sound.
Grissom: When the art therapist told me that there'd been an argument while Adam was on the wheel, I thought, well, maybe we can pull some sound off his pot.
 
Sara: Doppler laser. Optical transducer. 
Sofia Curtis: We've come a long way.
Grissom: Baby.


Sofia Curtis: Well, there's something there. And it sounds like ...
 
Sofia Curtis: -- this.

Sara: It's lousy signal-to-noise. It's going to need a lot of processing.
 
 

 
Sofia Curtis: Speech elements skew to consonants. I'll try and dig them out.
 
Computer Voice:  
 
Joanne McKay:  

Joanne McKay:  rrr-bee ... 
 
Joanne McKay:  rrr-bee... 
 
Grissom: Robbie?
Sara:  Could you run that back a little bit?
Sofia Curtis: Sure.
 
Joanne McKay:  
Sara: What is that?
Joanne McKay: 
Joanne McKay:  Tht's my Nnn-gl.
Sara: Right there.
Joanne McKay:  Nnn-gl...
Sara: You hear it? 
Joanne McKay:  That's my Angel.
Sofia Curtis: angle?
Sara: Angel.

Joanne McKay:  That's my angel.
 
Joanne McKay:  That's my angel.
 
 
Grissom: In her letters, Adam's mother called him 'angel.'
 
 
Sara: The hair from the brush in Adam's room was fresh enough to get a DNA profile. It came back female. We tested it against your cigarette butt. It matched.
Joanne McKay: Adam liked it when I brushed his hair.
Brass: I bet he did.
Sara: You were lying about giving Robbie lipstick. You have seven out of 13 alleles in common with your patient, Adam Trent.
 
Brass: Your Dearest Angel. 
 
Brass: Okay. Joanne McKay, registered nurse, licensed by the Nevada board of Nursing 1978. Married Howard Trent 1980. The board requires you to get a new certificate when you get married. I guess you never complied.
Joanne McKay: I've always gone by my maiden name.
Brass: I guess that makes it less embarrassing to check into the motel with your son.  Oh, I'm sorry. You checked into a psycho ward instead.
Joanne McKay: My son needed me.
Sara: For what? To destroy his ego? To fill him with guilt? To make him hate himself so much he would take his own life just to be free of you?
Joanne McKay: You have no idea what goes on between us.
Brass: Let's cut the umbilical cord, okay? Six months ago your letters started to come back. No more communication with Little Lord Fauntleroy. So you apply to Desert State. They were desperate for nursing staff, so you got a job.
 
Valerie Dino: Gentlemen, this is our new nurse, Nurse McKay.
Joanne McKay: Hello.
 
 
Brass: Bet it's tough to turn a folie a deux into a menage a trois. N'est-ce pas?

 
Sara: Even tougher that your son was cheating on you ... with a man no less.

 
Joanne McKay: You need to stop this.
Adam Trent: Stop what?
Joanne McKay: End it with Robbie.
Adam Trent: Don't tell me what to do.
Joanne McKay: End it or I will.
 
Sara: But he didn't end it, did he? Robbie was lover's leverage. He was that thing that Adam kept in his back pocket and pulled out whenever he needed to distance himself from you.
Brass: So you had no choice but to get rid of Robbie. And being a good nurse, you knew his trigger.
 
Joanne McKay: I want you to talk about this in group today.
Robbie Garson: B-but I thought that we ...
Joanne McKay: It's okay. You can bring it.

 
Joanne McKay: Hey! Robbie. What do you got there? JOANNE MCKAY: There's no personal items in group.
Robbie Garson:  B-but y-you ... you told me ... th-th-that I could bring this.
Joanne McKay: I didn't say anything.  Give me that. What is that, a picture?
 
Robbie Garson: You remember?
Joanne McKay: Give me the picture.
Robbie Garson: No, do you remember? You remember?  No!
Joanne McKay: Give me the picture.
 
Robbie Garson: No, you don't tell me! You told me...!
 
 
Joanne McKay: Hang on! 

 
 
Brass: You manipulated the situation and took advantage of his weakness.
Sara: Exactly what you have been doing to Adam for the past twenty years. And being such a good mother, you made him cover it up.  Again.

 
Joanne McKay: Why would my son do that?
Sara: Because he loves you as much as he hates you.
Joanne McKay: You can't prove any of this.
Brass: Just the incest, which is a Class B felony. It carries a penalty of up to ten years.
Sara: That's ten years away from Adam.
Joanne McKay: Good luck getting him to testify.
Brass:  Well. Okay.

 
 
 

Brass:  Joanne McKay, you're under arrest for the crime of incest ...
 
Brass:  ... your rights. You have the right to ... 
Grissom: Well, jail or no jail, ...  -- I don't think she'll last six months. She'll die without her son.
Sara: That would be better for both of them.
