

 
Dakota: Hey.
'JERSEY' : Hey. You get anything?
Dakota: No.
 
'DAKOTA': My, uh, knight in shining German armor has arrived.
'JERSEY' : See if he has room for two.

'JERSEY' : Careful.
 
Dakota: Hey. You wanna party?

 
Officer: It's only been a few hours. 
'JERSEY' : Dakota always calls me. We have a system. Something is wrong.
Officer: Why don't you go home, Jersey? Eat something for once, get some sleep.

 
Brass:  Hello.
Ellie Brass: Hello, Dad?
Brass: Ellie. Are you okay?
 
 
Brass: Oh, hey, Sheriff. I'm glad I caught you.
 
Brass: Um ... I got to take some emergency leave. It's a ... it's a family matter.
Sheriff Burdick: I didn't know you had a family.
Brass: Well, you're new. We haven't had a chance to talk. Um ... I, uh, briefed my lieutenant on my cases. He'll cover for me for a couple of days.
Sheriff Burdick: This is not a good time for family problems. All the narco guys are at a HIDTA conference. I got no backup. I'm still learning the ropes here.
 
Brass: Well, it's never a good time to have a family problem, Sheriff. Look, I don't ask for time off normally. I'd appreciate the courtesy.
Sheriff Burdick: Do I have a choice here, Jim? 
 
Sheriff Burdick:  Get back here as soon as you can.

 



Annie Cramer: You look good, Jimmy.
Brass: You do, too, Annie.
 
Brass: L.A. seems to agree with you.
Annie Cramer: Oh, yeah, well, I couldn't take another Jersey winter.
 
Annie Cramer: Or another Jersey cop.
Brass: You stay in touch with the old crew?
Annie Cramer: You know, dirty cops don't like to hang with clean ones.
Brass: So that's why they called me squeaky?
Annie Cramer: I thought what you did took a lot of guts. Integrity is, um, hard to come by in vice.
Brass: Yeah, it's the only detail where you're told to drink, gamble and pick up hookers, all the while carrying a gun.
Annie Cramer: Garden of Eden. Temptation kills you, or it compromises you.
Brass: So, you got my message? My daughter Ellie and her friend Dakota were out partying and Dakota got in some guy's car. Ellie was able to pull a partial. Something about a whale tail.
Annie Cramer: California Coastal Commission specialty plates. I'll run it through DMV. Cross reference with BMWs. In the meantime, I pulled Dakota's rap sheet.
Brass: She has a sheet?
Annie Cramer: They both do.
 
Annie Cramer: She, uh, works a stretch on Hollywood Boulevard between Highland and Vine. 
Annie Cramer: When was the last time you saw Ellie, Jimmy?
Brass: About three years ago. Um, she got into some trouble in Vegas. Hanging around with a bad bunch.
 
Brass: Looks like her taste in people hasn't changed much.
 
Annie Cramer: Here. Last known address. In case you don't have it.
 
 
 
Brass: Ellie, it's your dad.
Ellie Brass:  How'd you get this number?
Brass: Relax, take it easy. I got it off caller I.D.
Ellie Brass:  Oh, okay. So did you make the call?
Brass: Yeah. LAPD's looking into it.
Ellie Brass:  Thanks.
Brass: Hey, how are you doing?
Ellie Brass:  Great, actually. Livin' at the beach, temping, waiting tables. Got some really good friends.
 
Ellie Brass:  It's a big bowl of cherries.
 
Brass:  Okay, um, I'll call you when I hear something, all right?

 
Annie Cramer: Hey, Jim.
Brass: Hey.
Annie Cramer: We found the beemer. Found these two kids trying to hotwire it. Whale tail license plate starting with One-T-A.
Brass: Let's talk to them.
Annie Cramer: I'll talk, you listen.
 
Annie Cramer: All right, what the hell's the matter with you? You looking to die young? 'Cause you can do it inside in lock-up or outside with this wanna-be gang banger stealing cars crap.
Kid 1: We weren't stealing nothing. Window was already busted. Car wouldn't even start. We were just playing around.
Annie Cramer: You like playing with cars, huh? LAPD's having a car wash fund-raiser on Saturday. You just signed yourselves up. You're welcome.

Annie Cramer: Come on.
 
Brass: So, no Rudy Giuliani broken windows theory here, huh?
Annie Cramer: Jimmy, windows are already broken. Someone's got to fix 'em.
 
Brass: Hey, check this out. B-H-G-C?
Annie Cramer: Looks like a country club or something. Doesn't read like Koreatown. I'll have my guys run the plates.
Brass: Anybody checked the trunk?
Annie Cramer: Not yet.
 
 
Annie Cramer: Doesn't look good for Ellie's friend.

 
Matt Glazer:  Glazer. Yeah, we're just finishing up. No traffic. I'll be there in about twenty minutes. Okay.
 
Matt Glazer: Vegas?
 
Warrick: Hmm?
Matt Glazer: You know a Jim Brass?
 
 
Warrick: Where he at? 
Matt Glazer:  Over there.
 
Warrick: Jim.
Brass: Rick. Rick, what are you doing here?
Warrick: I'm here for the HIDTA conference. Buddy of mine from L.A.P.D. told me there was a new captain in town, stirring things up. What are you doing here?
Brass: Ah, it's a long, sad story, man. 
Warrick: Have anything to do with a feisty little blonde named Ellie?
Brass: She's not a blonde anymore. Let's check out the car.
 
Brass: Captain Annie Kramer, this is Warrick Brown from Las Vegas.
Annie Cramer: Good to meet you.
 
Warrick: Good to meet you.
Matt Glazer:  Matt Glazer, L.A.P.D. Crime lab.
Brass: Hey, Jim Brass.
 
 
Warrick: Well, I thought L.A. was all about car culture. This reminds me of home.
Matt Glazer: Trunk's been stripped clean.
Warrick: Too clean.
Matt Glazer: Oh, they missed a spot.
 
Matt Glazer: Looks like two large caliber bullet holes.
Warrick: But a bullet hole wouldn't make those markings. What is that?
Matt Glazer: I don't know.
Warrick: It looks like a tool marking.
 
Matt Glazer: Let's haul it back to impound and find out.
 
Matt Glazer: I'll be in touch.
Annie Cramer: Thanks.
Warrick: Hey, you know, uh, Jim, I'm here all weekend. If you need anything, don't hesitate to call.  Pleasure meeting you.
Annie Cramer: Same here.
 
Warrick:  Remember, what happens in L.A., stays in L.A.
 
Annie Cramer: You still a scotch man?
Brass: I'll take a rain check, okay. 



Ellie Brass: Hey, baby, you want to party?
 
Brass: Ellie ...
Ellie Brass: Oh, I can't ever trust you. All I did was ask you to make a call.
Brass: How's the beach house?
Ellie Brass: Go to hell.
Brass: I have information about your friend, Dakota. Get in.
Ellie Brass: All right. But I'm not playing twenty questions with you.

 
Ellie Brass: So, did you find her body?
 
Brass: No. But we found the car.
Ellie Brass: So she could still be alive?
Brass: We found blood in the trunk.
Ellie Brass: No, no, no, she's alive. I can feel it.
Brass: Look, do you have anything with her DNA on it, like a hair brush or toothbrush or ... ?
Ellie Brass: No. We keep all that stuff in our purse.
Brass: How about clothes or sheets or pillowcases, like that?
Ellie Brass: We share everything else.
Brass: Even the bed?
Ellie Brass: I told you I'm not playing that game.
Brass: If the lab doesn't have anything to match the blood to, then we'll never know. That's it.

Brass: Come on, let's get some dinner, huh? You look hungry.
Ellie Brass: Wait. Blood. We went and got tested last week at the free clinic on Ivar. Maybe they keep it.
Brass: Tested for what?
Ellie Brass: What do you think?
Brass: Don't you use protection?
Ellie Brass: Guys pay extra for bareback.

Brass: You're a lot smarter than that, Ellie. Come on.
Ellie Brass: Yeah, well, just because you want me to be smarter and sweeter and safer doesn't mean I am. And I got to go. Guess you know how to find me if you hear anything.
Brass: Don't go away. Don't-don't leave, don't leave.
Ellie Brass: You're one to talk. All my life, that's all you did, walk out. Now we're gonna Norman Rockwell it? Look around, Dad. It's too late.
Brass: Don't leave.
 
Ellie Brass: Leave me alone.
 
Brass: Ellie. Ellie!
 
 
Doctor: Here at the clinic, we pride ourselves a confidential relationship with our patients. This is a highly unusual request.
Annie Cramer: I understand, but we're investigating a possible homicide here.
Brass: We found blood in the trunk of a car. We have reason to believe it could be Sasha Reynolds', street name Dakota.
Annie Cramer: We're not interested in whether it's positive or negative. We need it for the DNA.
 
Doctor: How many do you need?
Woman: Ten.
 
Woman: Twelve.
 
Brass: Is that all the help they get?
Doctor: These kids come from all over the place with stars in their eyes. While they're waiting to be discovered, they still got to pay their rent. They do a bump to turn their first trick. Next they're turning tricks to get their next bump. We do what we can. You do what you do.

Annie Cramer: Excuse me.
 
Annie Cramer:  Yeah. Kramer.
Doctor: Good luck.
Brass: Good luck to you, too, doctor.
Annie Cramer:  You're kidding me. Terrific. Okay. We're on it. Bye.
 
Annie Cramer: We got an R.O. on the car.

 

 
Todd Piccone: Captain Kramer.
Annie Cramer: Hey, Todd.
 
Todd Piccone: What's up?
Annie Cramer: I, uh, stumbled across something. Thought I'd pay you a house call. You missing a car?
Todd Piccone: Yeah, it was stolen.
 
Annie Cramer: You didn't report it.
Todd Piccone: No, I didn't.
Annie Cramer: What's that about?
 
Todd Piccone: Who are you?
 
Annie Cramer: I'm sorry, this is an old friend of mine, Captain Jim Brass, Vegas P.D.
 
Todd Piccone: Off the record?
Annie Cramer: Okay.
Todd Piccone: I went down the hill. I was, um ... lonely. Partook of the services of a certain kind of young lady. And while we were getting acquainted, I was carjacked.
 
Dakota: Just relax. 
 
Todd Piccone: I was set up. It was probably her pimp or drug dealer.
Brass: How'd you get up the hill?
Todd Piccone: Took a cab.
Brass: They didn't take your wallet?
Todd Piccone: Oh, the car was worth more than the cash. They knew what they were doing.
Brass: It's a pretty sweet ride. I'm still hung up on why you didn't report it.
Todd Piccone: Captain, maybe I should introduce myself. Todd Piccone, Assistant City Attorney. Let's just say that my reputation is worth more than my car.
Brass: Then maybe you should stop having dates in your front seat.
 
Todd Piccone: You're right. Lesson learned. Thank you, officer.
 
Todd Piccone: So the car was stripped, I'm sure, uh ... South Central? Koreatown? East L.A.?
Annie Cramer: Koreatown.
Brass: How would you know that?
Todd Piccone: 'Cause, Captain, that's where good cars go to die in Los Angeles.
Annie Cramer: Hey, Todd, I don't suppose we could take a look around?
Todd Piccone: Uh, yeah. You know, I'm expecting company. Now's not a good time.

Brass: We need to get a warrant to get into that house.

 
Annie Cramer: Oh, yeah? Well, we don't have enough.
Brass: Enough for a city attorney?
Annie Cramer: You know, give me a break. You know how many cars get jacked in L.A. every day? He admitted to being with a prostitute. What makes you think he's not telling the truth about the rest?
Brass: He's hinky. I can feel it. 
Annie Cramer: Your gut can talk to my Judge. Or better yet, talk to Ellie. You should. You should get the 4-1-1 on Dakota from her.
Brass: There's an unreliable witness. So what do we do now?
 
Annie Cramer: We eat steak.

 
Annie Cramer: Tony, how are you doing? Table for two, please, in the back, if you could.
Brass: What are we doing here again?
Annie Cramer: I'm doing you a big favor.

dressed powerful men. Judge Silvio Peters stands up to greet Annie.) 
Judge Silvio Peters: Annie, hello.
Annie Cramer: Hey, Judge Peters. What a nice surprise.
Judge Silvio Peters: Nice to see you.
Annie Cramer: Good to see you. How's that porterhouse?
Judge Silvio Peters: Eh, I haven't started yet.
 
Annie Cramer: Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet an old friend of mine, Captain Jim Brass, LVPD.
Brass: Hey.
Annie Cramer: This is Judge Silvio Peters, Councilman Joe Cohen.
Brass: Judge, Councilman.
Annie Cramer: Comptroller Daniel Reichmann, and Vic Patterson.
 
Brass: Hey, Vic, how are you doing?
Vic Patterson: Soon to be mayor.

Vic Patterson: Hey, you know what? We shot a couple episodes of my show in Vegas. You remember that? Right? 
Brass: Right.
Vic Patterson: The Eagle. Yeah, you guys were great. You always treated us really well.
Brass: Well, we try.
Annie Cramer: Remember how great he was as that cop?

Annie Cramer: Like he was playing you.
 
Brass: Well, that's not easy.

Annie Cramer:  Listen, since I happened to run into you ... we found Todd Piccone's car just off of Vermont. Had bullet holes and blood in the trunk. He claims it was stolen, but I'm hoping that I could get a look around his house a bit ... 
Vic Patterson: Oh, you know what? Let me get you an autograph or something. Little something for me. And a little something for you.
 
Judge Silvio Peters: If you had enough for a warrant, you wouldn't be here. You'd be on your cell phone, calling me from Tommy Burger.
 
Annie Cramer: Finish your steak before it gets cold.
 
Vic Patterson: There you are.
Brass: I'm touched. Thank you, man. Thank you. Gentlemen.
Annie Cramer: Enjoy your lunch, gentlemen. Nice to see you.
Judge Silvio Peters: You as well.
 
Annie Cramer:  Strike one, your turn.

 
 
Ellie Brass: Oh. Well, if it isn't Dick Tracy and his little sidekick, Nancy Drew.
Annie Cramer: We're here on official business. Just let us in.
 
Vic Patterson:  Vote Vic Patterson. Put some action back in government.
 
Announcer:  Vic Patterson has a plan for Los Angeles. He wants to restore trust in City Hall. Vic Patterson has the energy it takes to get Los Angeles back on track ... 
Annie Cramer: You and Dakota have the same pimp?
Ellie Brass: No. We don't have a pimp. We're independent.
Brass: I can see that.
Annie Cramer: Look, if she were gonna pull a con with some guy, who would it be?
Ellie Brass: She's not like that.
Annie Cramer: So other than her customers, there's, what, no men in her life? You and she are ...
Ellie Brass: Roommates.
Brass: Look, you can be cute, or you can help us find your friend. What's it gonna be?
Ellie Brass: Well, there's this guy named Ronnie, all right? He was kind of like her boyfriend. Sometimes he would get jealous when she turned tricks.
Annie Cramer: Where do we find this Casanova?

 
Annie Cramer: Look, you know I can't go in there without probable cause or a warrant.
Brass: You're not gonna arrest me for breaking and entering, are you?

Annie Cramer: Jimmy, what are you hoping to find in there?
Brass: I'll know it when I see it.


 
Brass: Smelled something in the hallway. That's why we broke in, right?
Annie Cramer: Yep.

 
Annie Cramer: L.A. has over two hundred criminalists. You got to bring your own guy?
Brass: Well, Rick is like a vampire. He needs to be invited in.
 
Annie Cramer: If this goes to court, Warrick's going to have to come back and testify.
 
Warrick: Well, you got beaches, bikinis. Free trip to L.A.? I'm down.  So we got coffee filters, cough medicine, matches, camping fuel
... hot plates.
Brass: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Warrick: If this is a meth lab, then there would be free iodine coated all over these walls. And if Matt packed this kit right, I would have some spray starch
...
 
Warrick: ... that would react with the iodine ... 
 
Warrick: ... turning it a nice dodger blue. Yes, it's a meth lab.

 
Annie Cramer: So meth dealer and his hooker girlfriend looking for a quick score. Carjacking's not such a stretch. Neighbors are lucky he didn't blow the whole building up.
Brass: No guns, no blood. Nothing in plain sight linking him to Dakota's disappearance.
Annie Cramer: Well, we'll haul him in on manufacturing. We'll get what we can out of him.
Warrick: Jail would be an improvement over this hole.
 
Annie Cramer: Drop the gun! Now!
Brass: Put the gun down!
Ronnie: Bad guys go away.
Brass: Put the gun down.
Ronnie: You're trying to rob me?
Annie Cramer: Drop the gun!
Ronnie: I'm being robbed by cops? You're trying to rob me!
 
 
Brass:  Don't make me shoot you. Put the gun down.
Annie Cramer: Come on.


;
 
 
Annie Cramer: How long has the body been here? 
Officer: ... about three and a half hours now.
 
Officer: Jogger found her, called it in. Description matched your broadcast.
 
Officer:  Looks like body gas has brought her to the top.
 
Officer: God, somebody beat the pulp out of her. Any leads?
Annie Cramer: Yeah, he's detoxing in the tank. 
 
Annie Cramer: This is why I don't believe in easy money. 
 
Annie Cramer: Ellie.
Brass: You have to identify the body.
 
 
Ellie Brass: I'm going to be sick.
Annie Cramer: No, come here. Come on. Look, I just need an answer. Is this your friend?

 
Brass:  Hey. Hey.

 
 
Brass:  Brass.
Sheriff:  Family business?

 
Sheriff: That is a wedding or a funeral, or a bar mitzvah. That is not permission to become a vice cop in another jurisdiction. Get back here now.
Brass: Who you been talking to?
Sheriff: Not that it matters. The police chief called me after Judge Peters called him. I hear they do a nice t-bone at Musso's.
Brass: Look, my kid's in trouble, Ben.
Sheriff: Well, if she's not dead, you get your ass back here.
 
Brass: Look, write me up for insubordination. I can't come back now.

 
Annie Cramer: You have a prior. Mandatory minimum for manufacturing -- ten to fifteen.
 
Annie Cramer: You start to talk about Dakota, we'll see what we can do.
Ronnie: Dakota? Now, what that crazy bitch got to do with this, huh? What, she snitched on me?
Annie Cramer: Not before you killed her.
Ronnie: I didn't kill nobody.
Annie Cramer: You have a relationship with her?
Ronnie: Yeah, we kicked it, all right? We kicked it. Look, I would never kill no girl with all that good ... all right, look, let's just say I enjoyed having her live downstairs from me, man. Listen ... she knew when to open her mouth and when to keep it closed. Now, her girl, Jersey ... oh, God, the best mouth I ever had. Mmm. That mouth gave me a lot of pleasure. It just never stopped.
Annie Cramer: Where were you two nights ago?
Ronnie: Out.
Annie Cramer:  Be more specific!
Ronnie: I-I-I was seeing customers, all right?
Annie Cramer: Dakota?
Ronnie: No.
Annie Cramer: You like BMWs?
Ronnie:  Bitch, what the f- ... What are you talking about?!
 
Annie Cramer: Watch your mouth! I'll lay it out for you.
 
Ronnie: Come on, man. Get out of the car.
Todd Piccone: All right.
 

 
Ronnie: So, how was he?
Dakota: What do you mean?
Ronnie: You wasn't supposed to do him.
 
 
Ronnie: You want me to admit to a murder I didn't commit so you can reduce a drug charge?

Ronnie: What, you high, right? Y-y-you must me high.

 
Annie Cramer: I'm sorry you had to hear that.

 
Ellie Brass: What did he say?
 
Ellie Brass: Dad?
Brass: You were right; I shouldn't have come.
Ellie Brass: I told you he didn't do it. It was that guy in the car. You've got to find him.
Brass: Don't you understand? We just pulled your best friend out of a lake. I mean, it was just luck it wasn't you.
Ellie Brass: Yeah, well, it wasn't me.
Brass: Yeah, not today. But look at you. You've turned yourself into a disposable human being. Don't you get it? You're nothing but plumbing.
Ellie Brass: What, you're going to send me to my room and ground me? Have a patrol car pick me up at prom? Or spank me?
Brass: Okay. You're right. You're right. I messed up. But I'm just trying to do the best that I can. I wish you could say the same thing.
 
 
Matt Glazer: Clothes test positive for lead wipe. Confirmed bullet hole.
Warrick: Did her DNA match the blood that you swabbed from the trunk?
Matt Glazer: Yeah, but the autopsy report said she wasn't shot.
Warrick: So, what's with the bullet holes?
 
Warrick: Clean-up.
 
 
Warrick: One bullet exited. Is the other hole to the left or to the right?
Matt Glazer: About seven and a half, eight inches up.
 
Warrick: That's the gas tank.
 
Matt Glazer: Looks like a .45. Big, fat and slow. Lucky for us, it didn't have enough power to go through-and-through the gas tank.
Warrick: Yeah. Look at that. No wonder those hood rats couldn't get the car started. It won't run on blood.
Matt Glazer: Well, that tweaker you busted just got bumped off the top of the list. He had a nine millimeter.
Warrick: You think you could run this through IBIS?
Matt Glazer: We do have that here.

 
Brass:  Hey, Doc, did you get my fax?
 
 
Robbins:  Yeah, I did.
Brass:  Yeah, well, it's all Greek to me. Can you help me out?
Robbins:  Mmm, sure, of course. But I thought you were asked to come home.
Brass:  I'll be home tomorrow. 
Robbins:  I hope she was worth it.
Brass:  What do you mean?
Robbins:  I don't know; I mean, you put your career on the line. I assume there's a woman involved.
Brass: What are you, a detective now?
Robbins: All right; let's take a look at this. FX, OC-- that's a fractured osseocartilaginous -- that's a broken nose.
 
Robbins:  FX, ST, CL -- sternal clavicle, ... 

 
Robbins: ... and LAC, SDH on her head -- Lacerations and subdural hematomas.
Brass: Cause of death?
Robbins: It looks like exsanguination.
Brass: So, she was beaten and left to die?
Robbins: Beaten with something specific. The L.A. coroner noted repetitive patterned contusions.

 
Brass: Anything else?
Robbins: Yeah, the coroner's assistant who prepped her body ... 

Robbins:  ... collected a green, waxy substance under her fingernails.
 
Robbins: Also, looks like he found concrete chunks in a bag tied to her waist.
 
Brass: Probably what they used to weigh her down in the lake.

 
Annie Cramer: You want to say I told you so?
Brass: No. I just want it to be over with and have a happy ending.
 
Tony Piccone: What the hell's going on? What's up?
Annie Cramer: Sorry, Todd. We got the warrant; we have to search.
 
Tony Piccone: You got to be kidding me. Wha ... ?
Officer: Stay here.
 
Tony Piccone: I just had the floors polished. Will you at least take your shoes off, please?
Brass: I sleep in my shoes, Todd.

 
Matt Glazer: This guy married?
Annie Cramer: No.
Matt Glazer: Mm-hmm. Anyone else's gaydar going off?
Warrick: Well, he did have a female hooker in his ride.
Brass: Well, maybe he swings both ways.
Warrick: Why, because he has this nice shag carpet?
 
Warrick: This carpet's wet.
 
Warrick: Oh, yeah. That's a lot of blood.
Matt Glazer: How much, you figure?
Warrick: I don't know -- two, three pints?
Annie Cramer: Nobody loses that much blood and lives.
Brass: She died in this room.
Warrick: I don't think we'll be able to get any DNA off this. The carpet solvents probably compromised the sample.
Brass: She was beaten multiple times. There must be some spatter or cast-off.
 
Matt Glazer: I can't get a clean read.
 
Warrick: You know what? It's this metal surface. It's giving us a false positive.
 
Warrick: Does anyone see a remote?
Brass: Yeah, got one right here.
Warrick: Could you hit the input button until we find a blue screen?
Brass: Yeah.
 
Warrick: Look at that.
Matt Glazer: I'll get a sample for DNA.

 
Warrick: Nice place.
Brass: Mmm.
 
Brass: Who needs three trash bins?
Warrick: Someone with a lot of dirt.
 
Warrick: Wow. Big party. Tequila. Whiskey. Gin. Absinthe.
Brass: The coroner found green wax under Dakota's fingernails.

 
Tony Piccone:  Yes, I solicited her.
Annie Cramer: So, you admit to having sexual relations with Sasha Reynolds, A.K.A. Dakota?
Tony Piccone: No.
Annie Cramer: But money changed hands?
Tony Piccone: I paid her $60.
Annie Cramer: For what?
Tony Piccone: I drove her back to my house and introduced her to a friend.
Annie Cramer: And then?
Tony Piccone: I have no knowledge of what happened after that.
Annie Cramer: Does this friend have a name?
Tony Piccone: Mmm. A big one.
Annie Cramer: You know, Todd, I think you're smart enough to recognize consciousness of guilt.  Blood in your house, in your car. All of which was cleaned up. This friend worth going to prison for?
Tony Piccone: Turn off that mic.


 
 
Annie Cramer:  Officer.
 
 
 
Annie Cramer: He invoked.
 
 
 
Brass: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
 
Warrick: I wanted to catch you before you left. I got a look at the print results from the bottles that we collected just before I was escorted out and asked to leave the lab.
Brass: They say why?
Warrick: No, but I think I know why.
 
Warrick: It's like Chinatown, Jim.
Brass: So visiting hours are over, doctor. It's time to go.
Warrick: What about Ellie?
Brass: What about her?
Warrick: Well, she's the only one who can I.D. Todd Piccone as the driver.
Brass: Well, I couldn't get much out of Annie, but I don't think Piccone killed Dakota -- it wasn't his scene.
Warrick: I don't know. He's involved. It's his house. It's his car. It's his party.
Brass: Who's going to believe a tweaker hooker?
Warrick: You better hope nobody, or she'll be taking a dirt nap.

 
Ellie:  Hey, it's Ellie. Leave a message and I'll get back at you when I can.
Brass: Yeah, uh, Ellie, it's, it's your dad. Listen, you were right about the guy; he's a pretty important person with pretty important friends. So, uh, do me a favor. Don't go out tonight. Okay? 

 
Warrick: If Dakota had wax under her fingernails, I think she must have been doing more than just pouring.
Brass: Self defense?

 
Brass: Who was she defending against?
Warrick: From the prints that we got off the bottle, I have a list of six suspects.
 
Warrick: Silvio Peters, Joe Cohen ...
Brass: Wait a minute. Silvio Peters? He's a judge. He's on the list?
Warrick: Yeah. Daniel Reichmann, Vic Patterson, Todd Piccone, Parker Smythe.
Brass: They're all in AFIS?
Warrick: Yeah. I mean, you can be in AFIS for a lot of reasons. After 9-11, anyone who works in a government building.
Brass: Right. I mean, doctors, lawyers, right.
Warrick: Or anyone who has a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
 
Warrick: You know what?

 
Nick: Hello!
Warrick: Hey, Nicky. Where are you? Are you near a computer? Can you do me a favor?
Nick: Yeah, sure. How's the conference going?
Warrick: Uh, it's intense. I have a list of suspects, all in AFIS. I want to know if any of them have a permit to carry concealed.
Nick: Okay, shoot.
Warrick: Silvio Peters, Parker Smythe, Daniel Reichmann,
 
Nick: Mm-hmm.
Warrick: Todd Piccone, and Vic Patterson.
 
Nick: Vic Patterson does. Are we talking about 'The Eagle'? From that TV show?
Warrick: Yeah. What kind of gun?
Nick: A .45, same kind he uses in all his cheeseball shoot-outs.
Warrick: Can you give me anything else?
Nick: Yeah, I can run the serial number through Automated Firearms Service, give you the history.
Nick: Colt sold it to the Beverly Hills Gun Club, who, in turn, sold it to 'The Eagle' on September 28, 1983.
 
 
Brass: If he shops there, maybe he shoots there.
 
 
Brass: You know, I'm just in town for a couple of days. It's always been a dream of mine to shoot at the famous Beverly Hills Gun Club. I wonder if I could get a day pass?
Gun Club Man: For Las Vegas's finest? Sure thing.
 
Brass: Look, um ... tell me something. You know, is it, is it true that, uh, you know, the actor Vic Patterson shoots here? 
Gun Club Man: Not really supposed to give out member info. But between you and me? The man is a damn fine shot.
Brass: No kidding.
Gun Club Man: Matter of fact, he won several of our competitions.
Brass: Wow.
Gun Club Man: You want to rent or shoot your own?
Brass: Um ... I'll shoot what Vic shoots.
Gun Club Man:  You shooting, too?
Warrick: Nah, I'm just going to hang back. Let him blow off some steam.

 
Gun Club Man: Ain't that something?
Warrick: Yeah, it's something.
Gun Club Man: Right this way.

 
Nick:  Hey, Jim. I just got your bullet. I'm running it through IBIS right now. Not gonna ask how you got it. 
 
Nick:  So, did you meet him?

Brass:  Yeah.
Nick:  Ha-ha. Yeah. Did you get his autograph for me?
Brass:  You know, actually I did, and if you get me a match, you might be able to meet him at his trial.
Nick:  Do you think that would make his autograph worth more? Or less?
Nick:  We got a match. Entered by Matt Glazer, LAPD. Recovered from a BMW gas tank. Open investigation, homicide-related.
Brass:  Great, great. Thanks for all your help. Thank you.
Nick:  Sure.
 
Warrick: Was that Nick?
Brass: Yeah. IBIS confirmed the match. We're good to go. So, where you been?
Warrick: In Hollywood, thinking. You know, even if Vic Patterson did shoot up the car with his gun, that doesn't mean he killed Dakota. Just means he helped clean up.
Brass: She wasn't shot. She was beaten.
Warrick: Yeah. We need a murder weapon to nail his ass. I got these photos at a Hollywood memorabilia shop for ten bucks. 
 
Warrick: Who do you see?
 
Brass: A jackass.
Warrick: Look closer. Look at the pistol grip ... and The Eagle. You know, these autopsy photos I saw all got me thinking. This one. Look at the pattern contusions.
 
Brass: The gun is the murder weapon.
 
Dakota: Stop it! Stop it!

 
Annie Cramer: About six months ago, this strung-out hooker comes into the PD, beat to crap, screaming that Vic Patterson had done it, and her wounds looked a lot like this. I figured it was her pimp, she was sniffing around for a settlement. Sent her home with an ice pack.
Brass: Oh. I'm sorry. I knew you thought this guy was a winner.
Annie Cramer: I worked my whole life to sit at the table with the big boys ... only to find out that the food is poisoned.
Brass: You know, the only record of this investigation is in that envelope, and half the evidence collection won't stand up in court, so it's your call.  How many years you got on? 
Annie Cramer: Eight back in Jersey, fifteen here.
Brass: Well, that's 23 combined. That's a lot of innings. I mean, the worse they can do is make you retire.
Annie Cramer: What am I gonna do then? Knit? This is it, Jimmy. This is all I got.
Brass: Well, if it's all you got, then you got to do it right. Remember Mike O'Toole? From Vice?
Annie Cramer: Of course I do. Broke my heart when I found out he was dirty. 
Brass: Yeah, he was a heartbreaker. Broke up my marriage.
Annie Cramer: I thought I did that.
Brass: Well, Nancy used our affair because she was looking for a way out, but for me ... I mean, I guess I'm old-fashioned. You know, a bad marriage is better than no marriage ... I thought.
Annie Cramer: And you thought a kid would help?
Brass: You see, that's the thing. I didn't have a kid.
 
Annie Cramer:  Yeah, you did. I don't see Mike O'Toole out here helping her.
Brass: Well ... I spent a good chunk of my life looking the other way. I mean, so much so that my neck got tired. So I, you know, I got a divorce. I, uh ... turned Mike and his crew in. Started over in Vegas. Ellie. She's like the unfinished business of all that.
Annie Cramer: So it's my neck now.

 

Ellie -
When you're ready, I'll make it happen.
{heart} Dad
