




 



 
 
 
Grissom: Hide beetle.
 
Grissom: This guy's been here at least two weeks.
 
Grissom: Number four buckshot, maybe?
David Phillips: Well, his pockets are empty. There's no wallet or any other kind of ID.
Grissom: What'd be the point of blowing someone's face off if you're going to leave their driver's license?
David Phillips: Well, he's all yours.
 
David Phillips: Hey, Cath.
Catherine:  Grissom. 
 
Catherine: What's the deal? You're coming to my crime scenes before I get to them now?
Grissom: Weren't you on a 4-19 in north town? 
 
Catherine: Guess you missed me.
Grissom: I'm just documenting, then I'm leaving.
 
Catherine: Oh. Ew.
Grissom: Lot of animal activity.
Catherine: Well, out here, I guess there's, uh, rodents, coyote, buzzards ...

Catherine: ... occasional mountain lion.
 
Catherine: What do we have here? A little ice?
 
Brass: The end of Rainbow Canyon. And this must be the pot of gold.
Catherine:  Las Vegas ... greenbacks?
 
Brass: American Football Franchise Association. That league folded about twenty years ago.
 
Catherine: Now, that's what I call a rat hole. 
Shotgun wounds tend to be separate hits from individual pellets. But only if the shooter's far enough away from the target. This guy was shot at close range.



 
Grissom: Right between the numbers.
 
 
Nick: I don't get it. Grissom calls me up, I come out here, and I find you. Things were a hell of a lot simpler when we were all on the same shift.
Catherine: You saying you don't like me as your boss?
 
 
Nick: Whatever.
 
Catherine: I got a shot cup.  Doesn't make any sense, 'cause our vic was definitely shot point blank.
Nick: Yeah, a shot cup coming out of a shell is like throwing a potato chip. It doesn't really go that far.
 
Catherine:  Yeah.
 
 
 
 
 
Nick: Another casing.  That's got to account for at least two more shots.
Catherine: Typical pump-action. Holds four in the mag, one in the pipe.
 
Catherine: This was a chase.
 

 
 
Catherine: We know where it ended, so ... let's find where it began.
 
Nick: There's not much out here to do for a couple of guys, other than hike or hunt.
Catherine: And the vic wasn't dressed for either.
Nick: So they were up to no good.  Is that a trail over there?
 
 
Catherine: What you got?
Nick: C-note in a Beaver Dam.
Catherine: Hang on.
 
 
Catherine: Damn. This beaver's doing nice work.
Nick: They should do a commercial for the city.
 
 
Nick: Las Vegas -- where even the beaver can strike it rich.

 
Greg: Please tell me I finally got a hooker roll.
Det. Vartann: Sorry. Maybe next time.
 
Det. Vartann: Coroner was just here. Maurice Hudson, 37, lives in Tahoe.
 
Det. Vartann: $14,000 in cash, and credit cards are accounted for.
Greg: That much cash? Guy must have been a gambler.
 
Grissom: Casino W-2's. Looks like we got a winner.
 
Grissom: Name tag printed at the Tangiers. Probably a convention.
Det. Vartann: I'll check it out.
 
 
Grissom: So tell me about the body.
 
Greg: Well, uh, livor mortis is settled, which means the body's been laying in this position for a while. Pronounced petechiae on the chest from lack of oxygen. Guy was struggling to breathe, pressure built up, and it popped the blood vessels.
 
 
Greg: Yeah, I saw that purple fiber. I was going to collect it. I just work on my own rhythm.  I don't see anything purple in the room.
 
Grissom: This table's cracked.
 
Grissom: And we have what appears to be ejaculate.
 
Greg: Me, too. This guy was a machine.
Grissom: And he got around.
 
Grissom: Have Sara process the sheets, and then pull the hotel surveillance.
Greg: Got you. We want to see who came ... and went.
 
 

 

 

 
Sara: Any luck?
Greg: Hotel gave us copies of the surveillance tapes from the time Hudson checked in.
 
Greg: I'm all the way up to last night, and he's always solo.
Sara: Until Mia processes the sheet, there's no way to know whether the semen is the result of self-service only.
Greg: No way. Soft p0rn couldn't crack that table.
Sara: Okay. If he had a partner, that would explain the unusually large sweat stain I found on the sheet.
Greg: No cell phone. No calls out. Always alone. Who was he with?

 
Robbins: Maurice Hudson is a perplexing subject. Check out his eyes.
 
Grissom: Bulbar hemorrhages.
Robbins:  And petechial hemorrhages on the chest.
Grissom: Asphyxiation.
Robbins: Yep. Lividity, dark blue-purple, settled in the posterior area.
Grissom: Well, that makes sense. We found him face-up.
Robbins: Yeah? So then explain the additional blanching patterns on the chest and thighs.
Grissom: Blanching happens when something's pressed against the area, displacing the blood.
Robbins: Yeah, I know what you're thinking, but the body wasn't moved. And these two lividity patterns taken together are consistent with him being on his back.
Grissom: So there was something on top of him?
 
Grissom: Compression asphyxia?
Robbins: It took at least two to three very long minutes to kill him. And whatever was on him remained there until livor set, about eight to ten hours.
Grissom: Well, whatever it was was gone when we got there.
 
 
Catherine: I want two people in the room at all times, double counts, every pile. If you don't agree, do it all again.
Tech: I know the drill, boss.
 

 
Warrick: Hey, Cath.
 
Catherine: Yeah.
Warrick: I think I've got an ID off the victim's ring. 
Catherine: Let's hear it.
Warrick: The AFFA. It only lasted a few years, and only one player wore the number 12 for the Greenbacks. He was a wide receiver.
Catherine: Okay, what's his name?
Warrick: Gabe Miller. Fits the general description.
Catherine: All right, well, give it to Brass. We'll follow up.

 
Robbins: Minimal hemorrhage around the head wounds suggests the heart was destroyed first. Close-to-contact SGW caused extensive pulpification on the heart and bilateral hemothraces.
 
Robbins: Yeah, and that was embedded in the back of his skull. Not uncommon for a close-range shot.
Nick: I think the guy used a sawed-off shotgun.
Robbins: How can you tell?
Nick: Check out the stria.
 
Robbins: Hmm? Yeah, what is it?
Nick: Impatience.
 
Nick:  Sawing off the barrel of a shotgun is hard work.
 
Nick:  Those that do it are usually in a rush in to get it done. It leaves a burr on the edge of the barrel.


 
Nick: So every time the weapon fired, the burr on the barrel raked the shot cup ...
 
 
Nick: ... before the pellets blasted holes into Mr. Gabe Miller, here.
Robbins: That's the vic's name?
Nick: Yeah, why? Is it that funny?
Robbins: It's the same name as our new councilman from ward seven. Interesting story. The guy played pro football ...
Nick: Yeah, wide receiver for the Vegas Greenbacks, right?
Robbins: Right.
Nick: Well, his team ring was on this guy's finger.
Robbins: Yeah, then you mis-ID'd the vic. Gabe Miller's still alive. As much as a politician can be.

 
Brass: So, this is your ring, huh?
Gabe Miller: Yeah, that's my old number. Haven't seen that ring in a long time.
Brass: Why is that?
Gabe Miller: Every cent I earned playing ball went up my nose or on some dog at Las Vegas Downs. I was a real mess until I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal savior. 
 
Gabe Miller: Do you got a problem with that, Captain?
Brass: No. No, no. No, I ... no, I'm just listening.
Gabe Miller: Well, there's no need to keep talking unless you're gonna speak your mind.
Brass: Okay, Councilman. Say you're an alcoholic. One day you decide to give up the bottle. And, more often than not, you're gonna trade in the shot glass for a dozen Krispy Kremes and start pounding them away with both hands. You know what I mean?
Gabe Miller: So you think I'm an addictive personality. Only now I'm into God instead of greyhounds?
Brass: No. I-I'm really not making any judgments.
Gabe Miller: When the Lord cleaned up my life, I promised him I'd always remember the man that I used to be, so I'd never be that man again. I dedicated twenty years of my life to playing football.
 
 
Gabe Miller: And I pawned my championship ring for a $50 parlay.
Woman: Sir, they're ready for you now.
Gabe Miller:  Okay.
Brass: You can file a claim at our office and get the ring back any time you want.
Gabe Miller:  I don't need trophies anymore, Captain. Good luck on your case.
 
 
David Hodges:  Take a look.

 
David Hodges: Based on birefringence, your fiber's the product of a bivoltine moth.
 
Sara: You could just say it's silk.
David Hodges:  Fine. Acid washed, dyed, tasar silk. Color's unique. Not found in our database or the feds.
Sara: That's it?
David Hodges: That's it.
Sara: It's not like you to get right down to business.
David Hodges: Even I have off days, Sara.


Det. Vartann: There's only one convention at the Tangiers this weekend.
Det. Vartann: It's the same name tag as the one we found on the vic's clothes.

 
 
Det. Vartann: A hogs 'n heifers convention. Hudson wasn't fat. What was he doing here?
Grissom: Maybe he used to be.
Greg: Or maybe he was a chubby chaser.
 
Greg: Hey, some men like curves.
Det. Vartann: There's curves, and then there's rolls.  Look, have tons of fun. I got a murder-suicide to cover.
 
 
Grissom: Something heavy killed our vic.
Greg: Heavy object, heavy person.
Grissom: Listen, pass this photo around the registration desk.
 
Grissom: Who knows. Maybe he did like big girls.
Greg: Where are you going?
Grissom:  I'm going dancing.
 
Grissom: Excuse me. Have you ever seen this man before?
 
 
Grissom: Excuse me, ladies. Have you ever seen this man before?
 
Grissom: Excuse me. I'm with the Crime Lab. Have you ever seen this man before?
 
Chair Dancer #1:  Never seen him before.
 
Chair Dancer #1: Do you see something you like?
 
Grissom: I'm sorry. I, uh ... I noticed your lovely purple undergarments.
Chair Dancer #1: I bought it here at the convention, honey.
Grissom: You did?  Thank you.
 
Chair Dancer #1:  Fat girl, gay guy. It's not unheard of.
 

Brenda Morgan: Yes, he's been to some of our events. We've exchanged hellos.
Greg: Was he here last night?
Brenda Morgan: I'm pretty sure I saw him at the mixer. Why?
Greg: We're investigating Mr. Hudson's death. Was he with anyone?
Brenda Morgan: I didn't notice. But you could check the message board.
 
Greg: Message board?
Brenda Morgan: When you see somebody you like, you leave them a note. If they respond, you're in luck. If they don't, it's softer than face-to-face rejection. We get that enough as it is.

 
Nick: Roughly 25,000 in cash, money bands from five different sports books, some, uh, assorted trash and junk, and these.
 
Warrick: Without the vig, these are both $5,000 bets. Duke minus 17 on a Tuesday, and Louisville plus 23 on a Friday.
$5,500 Straight Bet
-110 PLB -17
Event Date 02/14/05
Win $5,500 to pay $10,500
Ticket Cost $5,500
$5,500 Straight Bet
-110 PLB +23
Event Date 02/18/05
Win $5,500 to pay $10,500
Ticket Cost $5,500
Nick: They winners or losers?
Warrick: You know what? I don't follow college roundball anymore. Most of the good players go pro right out of high school.
 
Warrick: The Mirage, the Stardust, the Golden Nugget, and Sam's Town. It's down the strip, across Fremont, up Boulder Highway. It's a classic runner's route.
Nick: Well, if he was placing bets for a bookie, maybe we can find out who it is.
 
Brass: Hey.
Nick: Hey.
Brass: So I tracked down the football ring from the pawnshop records. The ring was bought by Kelvin Russell. Get this. Russell worked for the VSL, the Vegas Sports Line.
Nick: Yeah, I've heard of them. They set the spread for almost every sports book in Vegas.
Brass: Now, if the vic worked for the VSL, he's legally prohibited from sports gambling. I mean, that guy should be nowhere near a betting ticket.
'CONTEST OF THE YEAR'
{on left} CESAR DABO
{on right} ARCHIE ARCHMAN
 
Mitch Urbana: Five? A lousy five? This is the best left-handed shooter in the country.
Oddsmaker #1: Yeah, you're right, Mitch. Uh, my research has me at six.
Mitch Urbana: Six? They'll cover that at halftime. Where are you morons getting your information? 
Oddsmaker #2: Seven and a half.
Mitch Urbana: Seven and a half is a good start. Let me hear. Scotty, come on, beam me up. I want some numbers.
 
Scott Kerwin: Ten.
Mitch Urbana: Good. Okay, we're going ten here.
Oddsmaker #1: Mitch, add a hook for me. 
Mitch Urbana: Uh-huh. A hook.
 
Mitch Urbana: That's the game. Call it into the books.
 
Brass: Hey, Mitch. So I see you're still the man with the plan, huh?
Mitch Urbana: Yeah, I am.
Brass: I'm here about one of your employees, Kelvin Russell.
Mitch Urbana: Then we got the same problem. That kid's been a no-show for two weeks. By the way, if you see him, you let him know he's fired, okay?
 
Warrick: Oh, I don't think you have to worry about him coming back to work.
Brass: He's dead.
 
Brass: We're gonna need statements from everybody. Who knew him best?
Mitch Urbana: That'd be Scotty. Scotty Kerwin.

 
Brass: All right, Scott, so, uh, you and Kelvin were buds, right?
Scott Kerwin: No, not even. I was just the only guy that would talk to him.
Brass: Oh, so, he wasn't the favorite?
Scott Kerwin: He was cocky.
Warrick: Well, there's nothing wrong with a little confidence, especially in your line of work.
Scott Kerwin: Yeah, well, I guess the guys didn't think he deserved to be cocky just yet. I mean, Kelvin was new here, and Mitch Urbana's the man. And you know what I mean? His number is the number.
 
Warrick: You taking drugs, Scott?
Scott Kerwin: Yeah, it's for my Tourette's.
Brass: So, when was the last time you saw Kelvin?
Scott Kerwin: Monday. Yeah, it was the morning after the Duke-Louisville game. He-he sort of just came in and left.
Brass: What was the big rush?
Scott Kerwin: He didn't come in to work. He-he came in to gloat.
 
Kelvin Russell:  Hey, Mitch, you picked Duke minus 15, right? How'd that game turn out?
 
 
 
Kelvin Russell: Just like I called it, old man! Hey, you weren't even close!
 
Scott Kerwin: Then he left. That was the last time I saw him.

 
Man: Hi. Can I leave this message for Melody?
 
Jill Paisley: Sure.
 
 
Greg: Hi. I'm from the Crime Lab. There's potential evidence on this board. I need the messages for Maurice Hudson.
Jill Paisley: Crime Lab?  Something happen to him?
Greg: Yes. He's dead.
Jill Paisley: Oh. A few ladies here are going to be in mourning. He was popular. I don't know why. Guess some people like pigs.
Greg: I take it you knew him.
Jill Paisley: Well enough to keep my distance. b*st*rd liked doing fat girls, but didn't want to be seen with them. There are some women around here who spend all their time and energy giving pleasure because they think they aren't worthy.
Greg: You don't have to be large to have low self-esteem.
 
Greg: Did he check his messages last night?
Jill Paisley: Yeah. He and Regina Owens played message tag for a while. I figured they hooked up.
Greg: Where can I find her?
Jill Paisley: She's a vendor. Intimates.

 
Regina Owens: That's some tickler you got there.
Grissom: Excuse me?
 
Regina Owens: You got everything you need to please a woman.
Grissom: Fine.  Regina, um, can I ask you, is this silk or synthetic?
Regina Owens: Oh, that's 100% silk.
Grissom: How many sets of these have you sold?
Regina Owens: Four pre-orders and another fifteen commissions. I even made a set for myself.  Men love purple.
Grissom: Do they?
Regina Owens: It's Purple Rain. Prince. Sexy. Custom color. You want it for the wife?
Grissom: I'm not married.
Regina Owens: Girlfriend?
Grissom: No.
Regina Owens: You want one?
Grissom:  Yes, I do.

Grissom: I'd also like, uh, copies of your customer receipts.

 
Sports Book Manager: Yeah, this is the guy. Time-stamps match what were on the tickets.
Warrick: Looks like a runner to me.
Woman: Got that right.
Sports Book Manager: Name's Lou Barnes. Yeah, we were kind of hoping those babies wouldn't show up.
Warrick: Why, because they're winners?
Sports Book Manager: Oh, yeah. Those little pieces of paper are worth ten-five each. Game hit us hard.
Warrick: Yeah, I hear that book's the only place where casinos actually lose money.
Sports Book Manager: I worked here a long time, never seen anything like it. Not even ASU-Washington in '93.
Warrick: Oh, that's when the players shaved points. Any indication that this game was fixed?
Sports Book Manager: Well, Gaming Commission investigated. They didn't think so. I figure we just got caught in a good steam play.
Warrick: A lot of one-way action?
Sports Book Manager: Minute VSL opened the line. Yeah, it was weird. Those guys are usually right on. I mean, that's what we pay them for.
Warrick: The sharp number keeps you guys from getting hit too hard, huh?
Sports Book Manager: Not this time. Number went all over the place. Money was rolling in so fast, guys were fighting for position in line. We lost over a million on that game.
Warrick: Could I get a printout of the line moves?
Sports Book Manager: You got it.

 
Catherine: Hey.
Warrick: Hey.
 
Catherine: So, uh, Brass got a home address on the runner, Lou Barnes. He's looking into it. What are you still doing here anyway?
Warrick: I'm studying the game that our vic got rich on. These are the craziest line moves I've ever seen.
Catherine: Line moves? Got to say, the only thing that sports book means to me is guys without showers.

Warrick: That's actually true.
Catherine: Yeah, I know.
Warrick: Okay, well, let me see if I can break it down. Monday morning, the week of the Duke-Louisville game, VSL sets the line at Duke minus 15.
Catherine: So if I were to place a bet on Duke, they would have to win by more than 15 in order for me to win the bet.
Warrick: Right. Now according to the Manager of the Book, the moment that number went up, cash came rolling in on Duke.
 
Warrick:  The professional bettors were all over the number, dispatching runners in every book in town. Now, remember, money moves the line. So, by the middle of the week, the tourists and local suckers caught wind of what the pros were betting, to Duke minus 25. 
 
Catherine: Yeah, everybody's throwing money on Duke. Big favorite.
Warrick: This is where it gets weird. By Friday, all sorts of cash starts rolling in, but this time on the underdog -- Louisville plus 25.
Catherine: Which means that Louisville could lose by 24 and still win the bet.
 
Catherine: So, why would you bet on the underdog if you had already put money on the favorite?
Warrick: Well, here's why.  Our vic had Lou Barnes lay 17 points with Duke, and take 23 with Louisville. And the game ... landed 22. How do you think he did it?
Catherine: He got more than 17 and less than . He won both bets.
Warrick: All that action created this big 'middle,' so he was able to win on both sides. I think Kelvin Russell sold VSL's numbers, and got killed for it.

 
Brass: Lou Barnes. Big money runner. Still living at your mom's house?
 
Brass: Hey, buddy, focus. You all right?
 
Brass: Guess not.


;
 
 
Nick:  Okay, Ma'am. What've you got for us? 

Nick: Number four buckshot. Barnes was at Rainbow Canyon with Russell.
Brass: Russell knows the line's going to move on a big game, and he wants to cash in on it. But he can't go near a book without being reported, so he hires Barnes to place the bets.
Nick: They win big, and both wind up on the wrong end of a shotgun.
 
Kelvin Russell: Oh, my God!
 
 
 
Nick: We're looking for a third guy.

Brass:  You want to tell us who filled you full of lead?
Lou Barnes: I want a lawyer.
 
 
 
Officer Metcalf: Walk softly. Don't cause a stampede.
 
Sara: I am going to remember that you said that, Metcalf, especially after these ladies sue you and the police for discrimination, you genius. Could you clear the halls for me, please? Come on, guys.
 
Sara: Hi, there. I'm Sara Sidle; I'm with the Crime Lab. And I would like to apologize for him. That was really out of line.
Jill Paisley: They all were, and so are you, unless you've got a good explanation on why we've been hauled down here.
Sara: Well, as you know, this is a homicide investigation. We've recovered evidence consistent with custom-made lingerie that all of you own.
Jill Paisley: I'm no lawyer, but that sounds flimsy, even to me.
Sara: We also ran DNA on evidence that we found at the crime scene that proves that two women had s*x with the victim prior to his death. I would like to rule you out as suspects, so I'm asking for a voluntary DNA sample.
Regina Kern: You think one of us killed Maurice?
Blonde Woman: Who's Maurice?
Jill Paisley: You know, Maurice Hudson. Big ego, little scab.
Sara: If I could just swab the inside of your cheek.
Brenda Morgan: The answer is no.
Sara: I can easily get a court order with what I've got.
Regina Owens: So get one. Let's go. 
 
Regina Owens: Jill?
Jill Paisley: I don't want this humiliation made more public than it already is. And I definitely don't want to come back here. So, you do what you want, but this ends for me right here.

 
Sara: You told us that you didn't really know the victim.
Brenda Morgan: I didn't want to get involved. I still don't.
Sara: You were in his bed. I'd call that involved.
Brenda Morgan: Look ... Maurice wasn't a nice guy, but I slept with him anyway. I could service him all night, and he wouldn't even ride the elevator with me.
Sara: I bet that hurt. Enough to kill him?

 
Regina Owens: He was better when I left than when I got there.
Grissom: What time was that?
Regina Owens: I went to his room around seven. Stayed just long enough to get mine and go.
 
Regina Owens: Ooh! Oh!
 
 
Regina Owens: He knew how to have fun. And that's why we all come to Vegas, isn't it?

 
Brenda Morgan: I'm fat, Ms. Sidle. I am a fat woman. I've tried diet after diet, joined gym after gym, done obesity programs, obsessed about drastic surgery, and I'm still fat. I didn't get my high school crush. I did his homework. Didn't get the one in college, either. He became my 'friend.' But Maurice left a note in my slot on the message wall. And he made me feel special ... sexy ... wanted. 
 
Sara: Did you know about the other woman?
Brenda Morgan: When I went up to his room, she was leaving.
Sara: And you slept with him anyway?
Brenda Morgan: I thought about turning around, but it's not like I've had a lot of chances. It wasn't till afterwards ... that I started to feel ... angry. At myself. For letting him take advantage of me.
Sara: Did you argue with him? Was there a fight?
Brenda Morgan: No. I waited for him to fall asleep. Then I smothered him with a pillow and held him down until he stopped moving.
 
 
Warrick: Across town on a homicide, you guys call me out here for an abandoned vehicle?
Brass: The car was reported stolen last week. The R.O. is Mitch Urbana. It's been picked clean.
Warrick: You guys popped the trunk?
Brass: Waiting for you; pop it.
 
 
Brass: What do you got?
Warrick: Feels like metal.

 
Brass: The dust in your trunk is high carbon steel mixed with chrome - consistent with a shotgun barrel, like the weapon used to kill Kelvin Russell.
 
Mitch Urbana: Look, uh, my car was stolen, and I reported it, okay? End of story. I don't know nothing about no shotgun. Maybe the punk who stole my car must have put it there.
Brass: You and Kelvin weren't on the best terms, eh?
Mitch Urbana:  Oddsmaking's a little art and a little science, you know? Russell was ... he was all mouth.
Brass: Hey, he nailed the Duke game.
Mitch Urbana: He got lucky. You know, there's about thirty games a day, and ... look, let me try to explain it to you, okay? Inside each game is a number. Once in a while, I'm, I'm a little off. But most of the time, I'm right. I work very hard to be right. I chisel through stacks of statistics, I sweep away all the irrelevancies. I try to get to the bottom -- you know, where the truth is. And yeah, I want to know what the quarterback had to eat that day, and if the point guard's going through a messy divorce. All these things, they come together, and all of a sudden, bang -- a number just jumps out at you. And within an hour, every sports book in Vegas got that number up on their board. My hard work displayed up there in lights. That's what I do.
Brass: Let me tell you what I think. Kelvin made you look bad. He made you look stupid. And for a guy who thinks highly of himself, who clearly needs to be right, where there's a tremendous amount of ego involved, that's motivation for murder.
Mitch Urbana: Kelvin Russell didn't know what hard work was, okay? He was a loudmouth major pain in the ass. You think I killed him? 
 
Mitch Urbana: Prove it.
 
 
Sara: Brenda Morgan is claiming that she smothered the victim to death with a pillow.
Grissom: He wasn't killed with a pillow. C.O.D. was compressed asphyxia.
Sara: She admits guilt, but she's hiding something.
Grissom: Maybe she's covering for someone else.
Sara: We know that Regina Owens was in the room. She claims she left the victim alive, and Brenda is backing her up.
Grissom: Yeah, but she's a liar.

 
Greg: Brenda got off the elevator at 7:30. Regina got on. They knew each other, so things must have been uncomfortable.
 
Sara: The tape confirms Brenda's account. What time did she leave?
Greg: Spent the night. She didn't leave till the next morning.
Sara: Doc Robbins ball-parked the victim's death at sometime between 9:00 P.M. And midnight.
Greg: That means she slept with a dead guy. She's not only a killer, she's a necrophiliac. That's what I call enjoying your work.
 
Sara: Hold on, hold on. Uh, back up the tape, please.
 
Sara: There. Stop.

Sara: She's trashed. Maybe she passed out.
Greg: How drunk do you have to be to sleep next to a decomposing body? The smell alone's an alarm clock.
Sara: Not next to him. On top of him.
 
 
Warrick: Who do you like?
Catherine: Uh, Charlotte. My mom grew up in North Carolina.
Warrick: All right, I'll give you Charlotte plus two.
Catherine: What do I get if I win?
Warrick: How about a fabulous dinner?
Catherine:  I'll take your action.
Warrick:  All right.
 
Catherine: So, unless we find our murder weapon, the case against Urbana is circumstantial at best.
Warrick: But he's involved. I feel it. Those sports betting types -- they'll lie to their own kids about a game that hasn't been played yet.
Catherine: You were a sports betting guy.
Warrick: Yeah, and I lied when I was.
Announcer: Scott making his move.  Final score: Hartford 89. Charlotte 88. 
Catherine:  Oh!
 
Catherine: My team loses, but I still win that bet.
Warrick: Well ...
 
Warrick:  That was the manager of The Sports Book. Says a guy filed a lost ticket claim for the tickets that you found at the beaver dam.
Catherine: What's the name?
 
 
Warrick: Cesar Dabo. No wants or warrants. Address in Lincoln County. That's near Rainbow Canyon. That's where you found the body, isn't it?
Bouncer: 1985-1992
Bartender: 1992-1999
Handyman: 2000-2004
Catherine: Yeah.  Professional boxer from '79 to '85. After that, he spent a lot of time in Vegas as a bouncer, bartender, handyman. Just another one of those broken down, punch-drunk bums.

Archie Archman versus Cesar Dabo
Welterweight Contender Cesar Dabo
Cesar Dabo: Welterweight
Archer vs. Dabo
Warrick: It says Dabo was a welterweight contender. A title match against Archie Archman was his biggest fight. Lost by a split decision.

Cesar Dabo: Welterweight Contender
Title Match Fight: CASER DABO Vs. ARCHIE ARCHMAN
Winner By Split Decision: Archie Archman
 
Warrick: Check this out. The only judge who called the fight for Dabo was Mitch Urbana.

 
 
Catherine: Oh. So maybe Urbana hired his former boxing buddy to do his dirty work.
Warrick: Dabo takes them out to Rainbow Canyon. Murders Russell, but Barnes gets away.
Catherine: Dabo grabs most of the cash, goes back to Russell's body, takes the wallet, ID, takes off his face.
Warrick: And Urbana reports his car stolen to cover his ass.
Catherine: Let's put out a broadcast.

 
Brass: Let's go.
 
Brass: Go.



Brass: Las Vegas police.
 
Brass: Cesar Dabo?

Brass: Put your hands on your head.

 
Brass: Listen, Cesar, you know, you're looking at a lighter gig if you tell us who paid you to kill Russell.

Cesar Dabo: Nobody paid me to kill him.
Warrick: What about your buddy Mitch Urbana? He called a fight for you back in '79, right?
Cesar Dabo: Yeah. I won that fight. Mitch was the only judge that got it right.
Brass: But you're willing to do time for that?
Cesar Dabo: Mitch said the kid was selling his number. He asked me to follow him, see what was going on.
Warrick: So, why were you driving Mitch's car?
Cesar Dabo: What, was I supposed to take the bus? My ride's been out all month.
Brass: All right, how much you get paid for the hit?
Cesar Dabo: It wasn't a hit. I did it on my own. I saw the money that runner was taking out of those books. Making Mitch look bad. He deserved it.
 
 
Cesar Dabo:  They weren't so happy with a shotgun in their face.

Cesar Dabo:  I drove them out to Rainbow Canyon.
 
 
Cesar Dabo: I took the cash and stuff. I came back here. I called Mitch and told him what went down. I said I'd kill him, too, if he said anything. 
 
Cesar Dabo: I knew you guys would find me sooner or later.
Warrick: Dabo, tell me something. Why didn't you take the kid's ring? That was worth something.
 
Cesar Dabo:  Man, I thought it was a super bowl ring. Freakin' AFFA. That's my luck.
 
 
Greg: How much does this thing weigh?
Grissom: Two hundred and forty pounds at the moment. We'll increase the weight incrementally until you can't move.
Greg: Oh, I can't lift that. And if I can't, you can't. This is a safety issue.
Sara: Well, that's what the pulley is for, Greg, so relax and lie down on your back.
 
Greg: You know, this is exactly like a dream I had once, except it wasn't in a garage. And Grissom wasn't watching.  That was a different dream.
 
Sara: How's it feel, Dreamer?
Greg: Like 240 pounds of pure woman.
Grissom: How's your breathing?

Greg: Limited.
Grissom: Okay, add another forty pounds.
 
 
Sara: Ready.
 
 
Grissom: Well, the position's consistent with the victim. Face up, right arm is pinned.
Sara: If we could leave the dummy on long enough, we could actually match the blanching.
 
Greg: Yeah, guys, help.
Grissom: Oh.
 
Greg: Oh.
Grissom: Two hundred and eighty pounds.
Sara: Brenda's just shy of three.
 
 
Sara: How long have you had Type II Diabetes?
Brenda Morgan: A few years. What difference does that make?
Sara: You also have hypertension.
Brenda Morgan: Do you always ask questions you already have the answers to?
Sara: The night that Maurice Hudson was killed, you'd been drinking. There was enough sweat on the sheets to run a tox panel.
Brenda Morgan: I don't drink a lot.
Sara: Well, it doesn't take a lot for someone to pass out who's on propranolol and glucophage. 
 
Sara:  It was an accident, wasn't it?
 
 
Brenda Morgan: Wake up. Wake up.

Brenda Morgan: Wake up.
 
Brenda Morgan: I just couldn't bear the jokes. Be some comedian's punch line. I would rather admit to murder and go to jail ... than to ever be that.
 
 
Greg: I've finally regained feeling in my spine, thanks for asking.
Grissom: A little technical reading, Greg?
Greg: Yeah, I guess I just wanted to see what the big deal is.
Grissom: Attraction is subjective. It can't be analyzed.
 
Greg: Yeah, I consider myself to be pretty open-minded. Find other people's predilections very intriguing. What do you like? What gets your juices flowing?
 
Grissom: Someone who doesn't judge me.
