

 
Brass: Hey.
Grissom: I was happy to hear the review board cleared you.
Brass: Well, it's been a rough time, but I'm dealing with it. Anyway, a kitchen worker found him. Says a lot of homeless people hang out here. Says the vic was unfamiliar to him.
Grissom: Creased khakis, oxford shirt, new shoes. This guy had a home.
Brass: Well, I checked the front pockets, no ID.
Grissom: Back pockets?
Brass: I was leaving that for you.

Brass: Looks like some blood around his lips. Maybe somebody punched him in the mouth. What do you think?
 
Grissom: Cranberry sauce.
 
Brass: I know. Happy Thanksgiving.
 
 
Catherine: This place used to make a hell of a meatloaf sandwich. 
You ever eat here?
Grissom: Not since the chef blew his brains all over the kitchen.
David Phillips: I eat here all the time. I like the chili.
Grissom: TOD, David?
David Phillips: Based on liver temp, he's been dead around two hours.
Catherine: Well, it looks like he was knocked out and thrown out. And there's some metallic silver residue on his cheek.
 
Grissom: What's this gunk in his hands?
 
David Phillips: Mashed potatoes.
Grissom: There were mashed potatoes in the dumpster.
 
David Phillips: No fingernails ... on either hand.
Catherine: Maybe he was alive inside there. Digging to get out.
Grissom: Or he had really bad table manners.
Catherine: There's some scarring on his wrist, but not on the other.
David Phillips: Look what I found in his pocket. 'Aunt Jackpot's Pretzels.'
 
Catherine: Oh, now, they make a great pretzel.
Grissom: Maybe that's why he's got that smile on his face.
 
 
 
Sofia Curtis: 419 times two.
Nick: Double murder?
Sofia Curtis: Husband and wife.
 
Sara: Beat-up car in a Lexus neighborhood.
Sofia Curtis: We ran the plates. RO doesn't live here. We're tracking her down.
 
Nick: 'Bitch on wheels.' Can't wait to meet her.

 
Sofia Curtis: Alarm was triggered at 11:45 P.M. The monitoring company notified PD when the homeowners didn't return their call. Patrol finally arrived at 3:32 A.M.
Nick: Residentials are a low priority. They're usually false alarms.
 
Sofia Curtis: Not this one. Michael and Lori Tinsley. Kitchen door was open when we arrived. His wallet was in his pocket. Her purse was on the counter. Cards, cash, TV, stereo, it's all still here.
Nick: If this was a robbery, they missed all the good stuff.
 
Sofia Curtis: The coroner should be here right now. So, uh, I'm gonna go see what's happened to him.
 
Sara: Well, looks like she exsanguinated out her jugular.
Nick: Abrasion on his forehead. No visible blood. Blonde hairs on his shirt. Both victims are brunette.
Sara: Blonde hairs on the wife, too. And possible skin scrapings under her fingernails. Maybe she got a piece of her attacker.
 
Nick: If her neck was sliced with a knife, it was probably serrated. The wound's too jagged for a straight one.
 
Sara: Check out that record collection. The cabinet door's open.
 
Sara: Alphabetized. Classic rock. Looks like several records have been removed recently.
 
Sara: I'll dust for prints.
Nick: Smudges in the blood trail. Ovoid shapes suggest directionality. Satellite stains also suggest suspect moved this direction. 
 
Sara: Judging by these gaps, I'd say entire catalogs are missing.
Nick: There is good money in vinyl. Especially if it's rare and well-preserved. Who would kill somebody over a bunch of records?
 
Sara: Something's missing between the Beach Boys and Billy Joel.
Sara/Nick:  The Beatles.
 
 
Nick: Loose strike. Would have been pretty easy to get in from back here.
 
Sara: They have a dog.
Nick:  Sofia said the door was open; maybe he took off. Bloodstains stop at the grass. Sprinklers are on now, kissing the evidence good-bye.
Sara: Hey, Nick.
Nick: Yeah?
Sara: There was some blood on these dog bowls.
 
Sara: Considerable.
 
 



 
Nick: I'll call Animal Control.
 
 
Dr. Robbins: Stomach is massively distended. Human stomachs have a volume of about one liter, a little more than a quart. But they have the ability to expand and hold up to four liters. But looking at this guy, I'd say he was packing around six. And that's your COD.
 
 
Robbins:  Asphyxia due to mechanical compression of the lungs due to gastric dilatation.
 
Robbins: His stomach expanded, leaving no room for the organs. It's going to keep me on my diet for a couple more weeks. Let's take a look.
 
Robbins: Ooh, the guy was a walking buffet.
Catherine: Multiple contusions. He's got a band of dead tissue on his wrist. No fingernails.
Robbins: Cuticle's are inflamed and still intact. They weren't pulled off. They were bitten down ... At first I thought tortured and force-fed, but the usual signs of force feeding are absent. No abrasions on the mucosal surface of the lips. No aspirated food in the airways.
Catherine: So what are you thinking now?
Robbins: He ate himself to death.
 
 
Catherine: Do you recognize this face? 
Pretzel Vendor: I know exactly who that is. Man, dude's crazy.
Catherine: Dude got a name?
Pretzel Vendor: No name. Oh, but I got a wallet.
Catherine: What, he left it behind?
Pretzel Vendor: More like he threw it.
 
Jerry Gable: Pretzel, thank you, please.
Pretzel Vendor: Hey, pal. Where's your manners?
Jerry Gable: Just one pretzel, please. 
Pretzel Vendor: Oh, no, no, no, no.
Jerry Gable: Just a quick, fast one.
 
Jerry Gable: Come on.
Pretzel Vendor: No, no.
 
Pretzel Vendor: Hey, hey, hey, hey! I said no! Excuse me.
 
 
Pretzel Vendor: See, salty pretzel's $1.50. Only a dollar in the wallet. Jerk. 
 
Pretzel Vendor: Hey, and I took the money, by the way.

* a bus pass for DEC 2005;
* a business card for
Phone:  555-0198
Fax: 
Pretzel Vendor: I didn't care. Oh, I saw that. Sports promotions. Man, I seen his gut, man. He don't look like he no athlete.
Catherine: They're calling poker players athletes these days. Seen the guts on them? Hey, can I get a pineapple cinnamon?
Pretzel Vendor: Oh, okay, good choice.
Catherine: Thank you.
 
Voice :  O198. Please leave your message after the tone.
 
 
Jesse Menken: All right, let's take a look at our Cujo.
 
Jesse Menken: Yeah, she's ferocious.
Nick: Yeah, yeah, I'm petrified. So what's the outside chance of rabies?
Jesse Menken: She's not salivating excessively or showing any signs of hydrophobia, but rabies doesn't present immediately. She'll be quarantined for the next ten days.
Nick: Well, other than rabies, what would make a dog attack its owner? Abuse?
Jesse Menken: Abused animals may turn violent. Head traumas may induce unprovoked aggression. And there's always springer rage.
Nick: Yeah, yeah, I hate that show, too.
 
 
Jesse Menken: It's a form of epilepsy associated with several breeds, including springers and retrievers. Man's best friend will back you corner and attack. Five minutes later, she's licking your face as if nothing ever happened. I'll suppose you want bite impressions?
Nick: Yeah, I'll prep the microsil, if you prep the pooch.
 
 
 
Sara: This car is registered to you, Ms. Halter?
Missy Halter: Yeah. So?
Sara: And why was it in the Tinsleys' driveway?
Missy Halter: I lent it to Michael; his Beemer's in the shop. I want it back.
 This was not meant for public transit.
Sara: And your relationship with Michael Tinsley is?
Missy Halter: Why is that any of your business? I'm his girlfriend, okay?
Sara: How does his wife feel about that?
Missy Halter:  Not my problem. They're separated, getting divorced. Michael lives with me. I want to talk to Michael now.
Sara: Were you at Lori Tinsley's house last night?
Missy Halter: No. I've never been inside that psuedo Cape Cod dump.
Sara: If you've never been there, then how do you know it's a pseudo Cape Cod dump?
Missy Halter: I know her taste.
Sara: Well, your fingerprints were at the scene. In fact, you helped yourself to the record collection.
 
Missy Halter: That's why I'm here? Because you think I stole some albums? What did Michael tell you?
Sara: Not much.
Missy Halter: Look, he said Lori was planning on selling his vinyls. So, last week, when she was out and he was at work, he gave me the keys, the alarm code and a list of albums he couldn't live without.

 
 
Missy Halter: Michael's owned those records since high school. He has the white album, autographed by Paul McCartney. 
Sara: And he didn't break into the house himself because ... because ... 
Missy Halter: ... he needed an alibi in case Lori pressed charges. Look, I am trying to be helpful here, but I'm not saying another word until you let me talk to Michael.
Sara: You have the right to remain silent, but Michael Tinsley and Lori Tinsley are dead.

 
Catherine: Oh, nice look.
 
Catherine: That'll guarantee you the chicks.
Hodges: Silvery material on your vic's face was graftobian theatrical makeup. Moonlight Silver is the color.
 
Hodges: Okay, look, I can't stand the smell of hot dogs. They make me sick.
Grissom: So, all this stuff was in the vic's stomach?
Hodges: Among other things. You know what the worst kind of burp is? Hot dog burp. You know, like your dad's just letting them loose, or maybe the ex-girlfriend ... 
 
Hodges: Well, as you can see, he wasn't much of a chewer, which was very lucky for us. Made it easier to identify the food. Cake, mac and cheese, pretzels, pasta, beef, shrimp, fish and, of course, hot dogs.
Grissom: Food normally takes two to four hours to digest, which means he ate all of this ...
Hodges: In two to four hours before he died.
Catherine: How many hot dogs did he eat?
Hodges: Approximately twenty.
Catherine: God, ugh. Do you think we might be able to ID the makers of the hot dogs from the ingredients?
Hodges: No. Believe it or not, most hot dog companies are very proprietary over their recipes.
Catherine: Well, how about through the griddle marks?
Hodges: Oh, yeah, sure. I'll just run it through the hot dog appliance database.
Grissom: When was the last time you saw a branded logo on a hot dog?
Catherine: Looks like those novelty chatter teeth. Weird.
Hodges: You think that's weird? Check this out.

Hodges: This was in his stomach, too.
 
Catherine: 'Circus Town Buffet.'
Grissom: 'All-U-Can-Eat.'

 
Buffet Manager: I know exactly who that is. How could I forget him?

Buffet Manager:  He didn't even wait to sit down. 

Buffet Manager:  Hi, we've got a problem. Hurry up before the food's gone.
 
Buffet Manager: I called security to kick him out. When they arrived, he was gone.
Brass: Kick him out? Sign outside says, 'All-U-Can-Eat.'
Buffet Manager: Look, he was taking it a little too far.
Catherine: Well, he paid, didn't he?
Buffet Manager: Yeah, cash.
Catherine: So he still had his wallet. Do you have any surveillance on your register?
Buffet Manager: For the $1.99 buffet? That would be a no.
Catherine: And are those the only hot dogs that you serve?
Buffet Manager: Yeah, we're famous for our cocktail wieners. You should try one.
Brass: I think we need a couple of cocktails first.
 
 
Nick: DNA confirmed all the blood at the crime scene is Lori Tinsley's.
Sara: Sofia talked to their divorce lawyers. Michael and Lori were fighting over everything -- the house, the cars, her jewelry. When she found out that he was stealing his stuff back, she had the locks and the alarm codes changed.
Nick:  Well, Michael did send his girlfriend Missy over to retrieve his vinyl, but last night he broke in himself, not to mention she was home. That's kind of asking for trouble, isn't it?
 
Sara: Yeah, divorce is war, huh? Sure glad I don't have that problem.
Nick: Yeah, me either. Hodges.
 
Hodges: I'm not done with your samples, okay? And I just received the fingernail scrapings.
Sara: Well, I sent the scrapings to DNA.
Hodges: DNA kicked them over to me. There were no biologicals in the sample.
Nick: Have you processed the hairs yet?
Hodges: That, I have done. All the hairs lifted off the victims' clothes were consistent with each other. There's a sample under the scope.
 
Hodges: Root is shaped like a spade which is indicative of canine, and the scale pattern is consistent with a golden retriever.
Sara: Oh, yeah, the victims have a golden retriever.
Hodges: Well, if you'd cracked that mystery at the scene, you would've saved me a lot of time.  I've been working like a dog.
Nick: You know, studies have found that pet owners have lower stress levels. You should check that out.
Hodges: Well, I had hamsters growing up. My mother hated them. She said they stank up my room, but I just loved to watch them spinning on their little wheels. One day I came home and they were gone. Somehow they'd gotten out of their cage.
Sara: How much did your mother hate them?
Hodges: They ran away.

 
Nick: Michael Tinsley was shot?
Robbins: Yeah, the bullet penetrated the base of the brain and lodged in the occipital lobe. The hemorrhage was intracranial.
Nick: Looks like a .22 caliber.
Robbins: Yeah, the scalp abrasion was probably incidental.
Sara: We did not check the house for GSR; we didn't know he was shot.
Robbins: That's understandable -- the entry wound wasn't visible -- but check this out.
 
Robbins: Some people will put anything up their nose.
Sara: So, Michael Tinsley breaks into his own house, the alarm goes off, all hell breaks loose. She shoots him, the bullet goes up his nose, and then what? Kahlua freaks and rips out the wife's throat?
Robbins: It's possible, which is another reason I prefer cats.
Nick: The Tinsleys died at home ... alone. So, where's the gun?


;

 
Greg: I went shopping. Bought every brand of hot dog for sale in Las Vegas.
Grissom: Who's paying for it?
Greg: You mean the lab's not going to reimburse me?
Grissom: No.
Greg: Well, I couldn't identify the chatter teeth logo, so I figured I could physically match one of these to the one found in the victim's stomach, you know? Maybe comparing that twisty thing at the end.
Grissom: Sounds like a good idea, Greg. I'm still not paying for it.
Greg: Fine -- guess I'll just eat hot dogs for the rest of the year.
Grissom: 'A hot dog at the ballpark tastes better than a steak at the Ritz.'
Greg: Well, I can tell when you're quoting something.  Who said it?
Grissom: Humphrey Bogart.
Greg: Mm.
Grissom: Did you know that the term 'hot dog' was actually coined at a baseball game?
 
Grissom: New York Polo Grounds, somewhere around 1867. A German butcher was selling what he called 'dachshund sausages' out of his pie wagon. He put them on a roll, so that his customers wouldn't burn their fingers. He'd yell out
'Get your dachshund sausages, they're red hot!' Soon, all the vendors at the polo grounds were selling them, too. But they were too lazy to say 'dachshund sausages,' so they just called them 'hot dogs.'
Greg: Now there's over 50 major brands.
Grissom: Good luck. I'm rooting for you.
Greg: Well, hopefully I find a wiener.
-- TODAY --
$10,000!!
Digger James: Gut check, one, two! Gut check! Ladies and gentlemen! Time for the bib sheets.
 
Digger James: Today's match will include some of the most famous gurgitators in the sport. Let's start with one of the finest: The godfather of the sport has a mouth so big he speaks in surround sound, ladies and gentlemen. Three-time lasagna-eating champion, Antonio Colletti. 
 
Antonio Colletti: Yeah!
Digger James: Patty cake, patty cake, baker's man, she can eat a cake faster than anyone can. Current cupcake champion and the most elegant eater in the sport, Patty Cake Newton.
 
Digger James: Our most vocal gurgitator ...
Catherine: There's the chatter teeth logo.
Brass: EXEF Wasn't that the name on the business card you found in the vic's wallet?
Catherine: I think we just found our Digger James.
Digger James: ... He's said to have two stomachs! Undisputed popcorn shrimp champion, James 'Spare Tank' Patterson.
 
Digger James: And finally, known for his jaw strength, trains with his pit bulls, three-time rib champion -- today he will be wearing the EXEF Hot dog camera -- Marty Mayron, 'the meat machine!'
 
Digger James: All right, gurgitators, you have twelve minutes to eat your way into history.
 
Digger James: They're diving straight in there. Marty Mayron going with the Japanese, dipping his bun in lemonade to make it go down easier and then biting that hot dog into little pieces. Not to be outdone, Miomoto going for the double Japanese. Colletti, the old pro, double-fisting it, double-dunking it. That is a Heimlich waiting to happen.
 
Digger James: ... Is not fooling around -- He's doing a reverse Japanese: Bun first, hot dog afterwards. Sort of a 'dachshund chaser.' Still pushing it, going old school, like a little kid trying to impress his grandmother at Thanksgiving dinner. Patty Cake going mostly cakey on that one. You can almost see the icing on that hot dog. Colletti having a bit of a problem. Something's slowing him down.
 
Digger James: Whoa! Antonio Colletti, a reversal of fortune. That's an immediate disqualification, and, of course, disgusting for all of us to watch. 
 
Brass: Wow.
Catherine: Well, which one do you want? The guy in the silver face paint or Digger James?
Brass: I don't know -- slimy stuff is your thing. I don't want to get mustard on my suit. I'll take Digger.
Catherine: Do I have a choice?
 
Brass: Hey, you recognize this guy?
Digger James: That's Jerry. By far, one of the best walk-on gurgitators I've ever seen.
Brass: So you gave him your business card, right? 
Digger James: I'm the U.S. rep for the EXEF.
Brass: All right, EXEF. What exactly does that stand for?
Digger James: It's the Extreme Eating Federation. We're one of the most popular leagues in the sport.
Brass: Pounding down hot dogs, that's a sport?
Digger James: Since the early days of man. You got thirty Neanderthals in a cave and a rabbit walks in, you have a competitive eating situation, my friend. We have rules, records, prize money. Some of our top competitors earn up to a half a million dollars a year. We're on cable.
Brass: No kidding. Well, what does all this have to do with Jerry?
Digger James: Everything. Jerry had undeniable gastro-intestinal fortitude. He took third in yesterday's competition. That qualifies him for the finals in Atlantic City. It made the Las Vegas Post.
Brass: Hmm.
Digger James: Sports section.
 
Digger James: Jerry Gable is pounding those dogs.

Digger James: Third place goes to walk-on 'An Amazing Job' Jerry Gable!

 
 
Brass: Can I keep this?
Digger James: Sure.
Brass: Thanks.
Digger James: I'm telling you, with proper training, Jerry could've proudly represented the U.S. and taken back the golden weenie from the Japanese champion.
Brass: Yeah, got to get that golden weenie back.
 
Brass: Uh, so after the tournament, did you see Jerry? 
Digger James: Paid him, gave him my card, left him to celebrate.
Brass: Any idea who he was celebrating with?
 
Marty Mayron: You want a sample of my face paint?
Catherine: Yeah, it's part of my investigation.
 
Catherine: Oh, it's still moist. That's good for me.
Marty Mayron: I didn't do anything to Jerry Gable. Okay, in the beginning, I admit I was a little pee'd off that I lost to the guy. But then I learned what a disturbed individual he was.
 
Jerry Gable: Couple more! Just, just, just, just, a couple ... couple more! Has anybody got more hot dogs? Please!
Marty Mayron: What are you trying to prove, huh?
 
Jerry Gable: Just give me more! 
Marty Mayron: Trying to be a big guy, tough guy, huh?
 
Jerry Gable: Please, please!


Catherine: And what happened after the friendly hug?
Marty Mayron: Some guy in a hat came by, took him out of here.
 
Catherine: Is that the guy in the hat?
Marty Mayron: Sure is.


 
 
 
Sara: So I found the murder weapon. It slipped under the living room couch -- presumably when Kahlua attacked Lori.
Nick: Well, a dog did attack Lori, but it wasn't Kahlua. The bite marks on Lori's neck are inconsistent with Kahlua's teeth.
Sara: Oh, which means Kahlua gets to walk.
Nick: Check out this left canine.
Sara: The tooth is chipped.
Nick: All the dog hair we found at the crime scene was consistent with a golden retriever, which suggests there was another golden retriever in the house. It could've attacked Lori, fled out the kitchen door.
Sara: That is like saying there's a second shooter on the grassy knoll -- they only had one dog, Nick.
Nick: I'm calling Animal Control. We're looking for another golden retriever, one with a bad tooth and rotten disposition.
 
 
Robbins: Little late to be going to court.
Warrick: No, I'm not going to court. I'm taking my Lady Tina to that new Cirque show at the Wynn and I forgot my tickets in my locker.
Robbins: That's nice, but if you're looking for something to tide you over, look no further.
 
Robbins: Busy night. Figured the lab could use a little lovin' from the oven.
Warrick: Oh, your wife made a pie.
Robbins: I made the pie. Strawberry rhubarb.
Warrick: I'm impressed.
 
Warrick: Let's take it easy with the cutting there, doc, it's starting to look like the hit-and-run on your table last week.
Robbins: Just try it.
Warrick: Thanks.
Robbins: You know, it's vegan. Low fat, low sugar, low carb ... 
Warrick: Low taste.
 
Robbins: Catherine, Catherine, come here. I need your opinion on this.
 
Robbins: Try this.
Catherine: No, thank you, I just came from Nel's hot dog eating tournament. I'm really done with food.
Robbins: It's good.
Warrick: I was watching that on cable. Some Japanese guy ate, like, 64 hot dogs in 12 minutes.
Catherine: Yeah. He's was the most famous guy in Japan behind Yao Ming.
Robbins: Yao Ming is Chinese. Try it.
Catherine: They ought to make it an Olympic sport or something.
Catherine: Please? No, I can't go there. I can't.
Warrick: You know, if you want to cleanse your taste buds, I suggest you try Doc Robbins' pie. Really.
 
Catherine: Yeah, that's why you're leaving it behind.
 
 
Catherine: I got an ID on dumpster guy. Brass is tracking down a current address.
Grissom: Prader-Willi.
Catherine: No, his name was Jerry Gable.
Grissom: No, Prader-Willi syndrome. A rare gentic disorder that causes ceaseless, uncontrollable excruciating hunger. It's as if your stomach was truly a bottomless pit.
 
Catherine: That could explain why after consuming twenty-two dogs, he wanted more. Could also explain why he was found in the dumpster. He followed the food.
Grissom: Prader-Willi syndrome is characterized by short stature, hypotonia, almond-shaped eyes, and obsessive fingernail biting.
Catherine: That kind of fits the victim's description.
Grissom: Sufferers are born with a flawed hypothalamus. Normal hypothalamus receives a signal from the stomach -- 'I'm full, stop eating.'
 


Grissom:  But with Prader-Willi syndrome, the signal never reaches the brain.

 

Grissom: They're always hungry.
Catherine: Like having a full tank of gas, and gauge is stuck on empty.
Grissom: Guy's like Jerry are monitored their whole lives. Constant supervision 24 hours a day. You remember the scar tissue we found on his wrist?
 
Grissom: I think it's possible that our vic spent most of his life in restraints.
Catherine: So either he escaped or ... someone set him free.
Grissom: In which case, they'd be responsible for his death.

 
Hodges: I heard your case has gone to the dogs.
Nick: Oh, Hodges, heel. No, better yet, play dead, man.
Hodges: Play nice, I'm throwing you a bone. The fingernail scrapings from your female vic was baking grease.  How does that fit in the puzzle?
 

 
Nick: Hey.
Sara: According to the court records, the Tinsleys weren't just fighting over property. They were also engaged in an expensive custody battle.
Nick: Custody over what? They didn't have any kids.
Sara: They had Kahlua. And evidently, yesterday both parties agreed to let the dog decide for herself. According to Michael's girlfriend, the dog was his, but Kahlua chose Lori.
 
Lori Tinsley: Here, Kahlua. 
Michael Tinsley: Come here.
Lori Tinsley: Come on, Kahlua.
Michael Tinsley: Come here.
Lori Tinsley: Come on.
Michael Tinsley: Hey.
Lori Tinsley: Come to Mama, sweetie.
 
Lori Tinsley: Yeah.

 
Nick: I think I know why.
 
Nick:  Lori greased up before the big face-off.
 
Lori Tinsley: Here, Kahlua.
Michael Tinsley: Come here.
Lori Tinsley: Come on, Kahlua.
Michael Tinsley: Come here, come on.
Lori Tinsley: Come on.
Michael Tinsley: Come here.
Lori Tinsley: Kahlua, come. 
 
Lori Tinsley: Come to Mama, sweetie. Yeah.
 
Nick: A dog's sense of smell is 25 times more sensitive than humans. Bacon grease would've been pretty irresistible.
Sara: Question is ... 'Did Michael know that Lori was playing dirty?'
 
Nick: Stokes. Yeah, all right, cool. Our suspect is in custody.

 
Jesse Menken: Animal Control picked her up near Centennial Park, called the number on the tag, left a voice mail.
Sara: Dead people don't return calls.
Nick: New collar, new tags. Kahlua. Same name.
Jesse Menken: Spoke to Animal Control. Kahlua number two was adopted the same day as the murder. You want to guess the adopter's name?
Nick: Michael Tinsley. You bet.
Sara: He adopted Kahlua's doppelganger.
Nick: Left tooth is chipped. Confirm's ID. She doesn't seem very ferocious.
Jesse Menken: You want to see ferocious?
Nick: Yeah.


 
Sara: How did you know?
Jesse Menken: When the guys loaded her up into the Animal Control van, they slammed the door and she went off.
Nick: So the gun acted as a trigger. She heard it and attacked Lori.
Jesse Menken: Probably abused in the past. If they'd known, they never would've put her up for adoption.
Sara: Michael broke into the house intending to swap dogs, hoping that Lori wouldn't even notice the difference.
 
Michael Tinsley: You don't give a damn about Kahlua! You just don't want me to have her!
Lori Tinsley: You care more about that stupid dog than you did me!
Michael Tinsley: For once you got it right!
 

 
 
Sara: When Kahlua number two took off, Kahlua number one came out of hiding.
 
 
Nick: The police showed up, she got scared , went back to her closet.
Sara: Their marriage ended in a dog fight, and only the dog survived.

 
Brass: So I called about a dozen Jerry Gables. One had an answering machine for Jerry and Suzie Gable. This apartment is listed to Jerry and Suzie Gable. Here's Suzie.
s*x: F HEIGHT: 5'4' WEIGHT: 105

Brass: Las Vegas Police.
 
Suzie's Boyfriend: Please tell me you found Jerry.
 

 
Brass: Okay, so who are you?
Suzie's Boyfriend: I'm Susie's boyfriend.
Brass: All right, Susie's boyfriend, what's your name?
 
Suzie's Boyfriend: Look, I don't have anything else to say. Hey, that's my easiest question.
Catherine: Hey, you don't want to give us your name, fine, but you better explain why Jerry's not in this chair.
 
Catherine: All right, look, I'm going to print this restraint. And when I find your fingerprints all over it, I won't need to ask you again.
Suzie's Boyfriend: Okay, okay, all right. He escaped. All right? I was supposed to be watching him, and I conked out for a second, and by the time I got up, he was gone from his chair.
Brass: He escaped? So, what, the guy's Houdini?
Suzie's Boyfriend: Trust me. He may have been slow, but he was manipulative.
Brass: Yeah.
Suzie's Boyfriend: Look, how do you deny a 30-year-old man food? I mean, I felt like I was torturing the poor guy.
 
Suzie's Boyfriend:  Yeah, I told you them Vikings suck. All right, I'll meet you at the Circus Town Book.
 
Jerry Gable: Can I go to Circus Town with you? I heard the buffet there is yummy.
 
Suzie's Boyfriend: No.
 
 
Suzie's Boyfriend: My plan was just to drop him off at the buffet while I went back to the sports book. By the time I got back ... oh, man ... 
 
 

 
 
Suzie's Boyfriend: I couldn't help myself. I had to sign him up.
Brass: So let me guess -- you blew his winnings at the sports book?
Suzie's Boyfriend: Well, what was he gonna do with them? He's been strapped to a damn chair his whole life.
Brass: You know, you managed to supersize a combo of two deadly sins -- greed and gluttony. Shame on you. So what's he doing in a dumpster?
Suzie's Boyfriend: I don't know. Was there food in the dumpster? 'Cause when we were on our way home, Jerry was still hungry. Wanted to hit up Krispy Kreme. And by the time I could tell him no, he was running off down the street. I looked for him all night.
Brass: Yeah? Where's Susie?

 
Suzie Gable: I knew I shouldn't have left Jerry with my boyfriend. I'd been calling to check in. He wasn't answering. I could tell something was up.
Catherine: Why did you leave your brother with somebody you didn't trust?
Suzie Gable: There was no one else. I had to get this surgery today or my insurance wasn't going to cover it.
Catherine: Couldn't you have left him with a family member?
Suzie Gable: We have no family. Our parents died in a car crash years ago.
Catherine: What about some kind of professional help?
Suzie Gable: I'm a waitress, Miss. I ... I don't make much. There's a really nice institution in Summerlin, but it costs a $100,000 a year. And the last babysitter I hired, Jerry beat up trying to get to the fridge. I swear to you, I really tried to take care of my brother. I really ... did the best I could.


Suzie Gable: Jerry took third place?
Catherine:  Yeah.
Suzie Gable: I bet he had the time of his life.
