



 
Brass: The decedent's name is Christina Adalian, 28. Gunshot to the temple. Her sister is over there,  ... just came in from L.A. When no one answered the door, she looked inside. Saw her sister on the floor. The playpen with the baby was next to the body. Police officers kicked in the door.
Catherine: Where's the father?
Brass: Well, according to her sister, she's a single mom. They lived alone. 

 
Brass: Hey.
David Phillips: Lividity suggests she hasn't been moved. Liver temp is 92 degrees, which means she's been dead four to five hours. 
 
Catherine: Wound pattern and GSR suggest a tight contact shot.
Brass: Consistent with suicide. Oh, there's a note on the white table.

Catherine: 'Joey is better off without me. Christina Adalian.' Postpartum depression so bad, it leads to suicide?
Sara: Sister was feeding the baby. Where'd she get the bottle?
Brass: The fridge is full of bottles of breast milk.
Sara: Mom stocks the fridge and kills herself, knowing her sister was going to show up.
Catherine: She wanted to make sure that her baby was quickly found and fed.
Sara: David, do you mind if I render the gun safe?
David Phillips: Better you than me.
 
Sara: One shot fired.
Catherine: Sara, check out the blood on her hand.
Sara: There isn't any.
 
Sara: The gun is spattered in dried blood. She wasn't holding this gun when she was shot.
Catherine: And what appears to be -- is not. 

 
Lana Adalian: Honest. I am good with kids. I'll get a hotel. I'll stay in town.
Brass: I know we've been over this before. Like I said, he'll be placed in Child Services until appropriate custody can be determined. That's just the way it is. I'm sorry.
 
Officer: Metro just arrived with a baby seat. We're ready.
Brass: All right.
Lana Adalian: I'd really like to go with him.
Brass: Okay, after we're finished, an officer will take you to the facility.
Lana Adalian: Finished with what?
Brass: Well, we have a few more questions. And, uh, CSI has to take your fingerprints. We won't take long, believe me.
Lana Adalian: Well, what about his bottles?
Brass: They're in a cooler in the officer's car.
 
Officer: Ma'am.
 
Officer: It's okay.
Brass:  It's okay. It's gonna be all right.
 
Officer:  Hey, buddy. It's okay. It's okay.

 
 
Catherine: Can't find a red pen anywhere.
Grissom: Well, maybe the killer brought his own pen. Or took it with him as a souvenir.

 
Warrick: Okay, guys. I swept the perimeter. I think someone jimmied the back kitchen door.

 
Warrick: Now, I printed the doorknob. Nothing but smudges. Check out the fresh scrapings there on the doorjamb and the striker plate.
 
Grissom: Looks like forced entry with a metal object.

 
Catherine: Some black and white particles. Want to hand me a hinge lift?
 
Warrick: Good eyes.
 
 
Catherine:  Who do you keep avoiding?
Grissom: Ecklie.
Catherine: Ah, that means you should answer it.
Grissom: No, he just wants to yell at me because I'm late with the personnel evaluations. It can wait.
Catherine: No, it can't. 
 
Catherine: No one on your team receives cost-of-living adjustments until those evaluations are turned in.
 
Warrick: Well, she kind of has a point. I do like to take the wife out to dinner every now and then.
Grissom: Mm-hmm. I'll do them as soon as I get back to the lab.

 
Lana Adalian: Last time I saw my sister was over a year ago. She was just beginning to show. She'd gone through a really bad breakup and couldn't stop crying.
Brass: Is the ex the baby's father?
Lana Adalian: I'm not sure.
Brass: Well, we need to contact him regarding Joey. It would be helpful to know his whereabouts.
Lana Adalian: I only know his first name. Evan. But Christina referred to him as 'the jerk.' They met at a church social a few years back. Christina complained he wasn't very Christian-like. But that was part of the attraction, if you ask me. He was older. Didn't want to get married. You know, Christina never said he was the father.
Sara: So there were other guys?
Lana Adalian: No. As far as I knew, Christina was a prude. She'd turn red if somebody told a dirty joke. I always thought she was a virgin until ...
Sara: Until she got pregnant.
Lana Adalian: Yeah.
 
Sofia Curtis: Excuse me, have either of you two seen Grissom?
Sara: He's in the house.

 
Catherine: Sofia.
Sofia Curtis: Hey, Catherine. Grissom, Ecklie's been looking for you. Is your cell not working?
 
Grissom:  What are you doing here?
Sofia Curtis: Well, apparently, I was a CSI, then a detective, but now I'm a messenger. You're needed at the lab ASAP.
Grissom: Why?
Sofia Curtis: I have no idea. But the undersheriff's camped out in the break room.
 
Catherine: I'll have Greg run down the gun's serial number. Nick is covering the autopsy.  Warrick and I will finish the processing here and I'll keep you posted.
 
Grissom:  Thanks.
 
Catherine:  What would you do without me?
 
 
Ecklie: Grissom.
Grissom: Conrad. Sheriff. It's always lovely to see you fellas, but I'm right in the middle of a crime scene.
Ecklie: We have a situation, Gil. Preston Breckman who's on trial for the murder of Joanna Whitson.
Grissom: Yeah, I know.  She was a friend of yours. I'm sorry.
Undersheriff McKeen: I was her godfather. Grew up with her dad. Two weeks before she was murdered I gave a toast at her sweet sixteen.
Grissom: Well, they say it's a slam dunk case.
Ecklie: You would think. 
We've got an eyewitness who saw him stab her. Hair, fiber, even DNA from the killer's tobacco indict, Breckman. 
 
Ecklie: We got the right guy.
Grissom: Then what am I doing here?
Ecklie: Defense has called entomologist Mark Thayer as an expert witness.
Grissom: He's a gun for hire.
Ecklie: He's gonna say that the insect activity on the body proves defendant was out of town at the time of the murder.
Grissom: And you want me to refute his testimony?
 
Grissom: When does he take the stand?
Undersheriff McKeen: Half an hour. Look, he's been on the list, but the DA assured me he was unavailable.
Ecklie: Gil, we need you to listen to his testimony. Prosecution may need your assistance on cross.
Grissom: I'll do my best.
 
 
Robbins: No mystery here. Penetrating gunshot wound to the right temple killed our virgin Mary. I sent the bullet to ballistics.
Nick: Virgin Mary?
Robbins: Hymen's intact, which means she's never had intercourse. But she gave birth ... caesarean scar. 
Robbins: Well, the most obvious explanation would be frottage.
Nick: You mean dry humping?
Robbins: In s*x ed, Nick, they teach that rubbing body parts is safe. But since the hymen's not a barrier to semen, there's still a risk of pregnancy, not to mention STDs.
Nick: Right. Sperm meets labia, all bets are off.
Robbins: It's all about gravity.
Nick: Thanks, Dr. Ruth.
 
 
Greg: The test fire bullet matches the evidence bullet.
Bobby Dawson: That confirms the gun found at the scene was used to kill this, uh ...  Christina Adalian.
Greg: You run the serial number?
Bobby Dawson: Yeah, of course. Anyway, Greg, your two-inch Colt was originally purchased in 1986 by a Mr. Duane McWane from Henderson. Good luck.
 
Greg: Thanks.
 
 
 
Mark Thayer: Well, as you can see, the life cycle of the black blowfly, from egg to larva to puparium to adult, is like clockwork.
Adam Matthews : So, to be clear, we can use the fly's lifecycle to accurately determine the precise day the victim was killed.
Mark Thayer: That's correct. 
Adam Matthews : The victim was murdered in a woodsy area near Lake Mead. In that vicinity, how long would it take for the blowfly to lay eggs in Joanna Whitson's body?
Mark Thayer: Within minutes of her death.
 
Ecklie:  Is that true?
Grissom:  Mm-hmm.
Adam Matthews : Doctor, based on your review of the blowfly activity as documented by CSI, can you tell this jury the exact date Joanna was murdered?
 
Mark Thayer: CSI found puparia on the body, but no adults. So that means that the victim had been dead for fifteen days.
Adam Matthews : The body was discovered November 15. So based on your analysis, the victim was killed November 1?
Mark Thayer: That's correct.
Ecklie:  Defendant was in Mexico 'til November 3. We think he killed her on the fourth.
Grissom:  Well, he's still got to prove his timeline.
Adam Matthews : Dr. Thayer, this timeline you suggest-- from egg to puparia, has this been documented?
Mark Thayer: I documented it myself. In fact, in preparation for this trial, I videotaped a black blowfly breeding on a pig carcass. Now, this videotape will illustrate that the timeline from egg to puparium is, in fact, precisely fifteen days.
 
Adam Matthews : Your honor, on this video tape, I have relevant footage of Dr. Thayer's experiment. With your permission, I'd like to play it for the jury.
 
Grissom: Have you seen this tape?
Objection. Your honor, the defense never produced that tape for our review. We haven't had the opportunity to examine its authenticity.
Adam Matthews : It's not our fault. It was never requested.
Judge Witherspoon: Is that true, counselor?
Adam Matthews : Your honor, your honor. If I may ...
Judge Witherspoon:  You may not. You blindsided the court. You knew that the ADA would want to see that tape and you deliberately withheld it.
 How much time do you need?
Judge Witherspoon: Fine. The defense is to hand over the tape and all associated evidence.  The jury is dismissed until 1:00 P.M. tomorrow.
 
Grissom: Send everything over to the lab. I'll be there.
 
 
Hodges: Your black-and-white particles were composed of plagioclase, biotite, hornblende and pyroxene.
Catherine: Diorite granite.
Hodges: You remember your geology.
Catherine: Yes!
Warrick: Wow.
Catherine: Actually, senior year I took 'rocks for jocks.' I dated the TA.
Hodges: Lucky guy.
Warrick: I'm sure you got an 'A.'
Catherine:  As a matter of fact, I did.
Warrick: Mm-hmm.
Hodges: 
Anyway, uh, diorite granite is used in high-end bathroom vanities. Was there any recent construction at the house?
Warrick: No, I processed the bathroom and the countertops for some kind of plastic laminate.
Hodges: Made a few calls. There's only one slab yard in Clark County that works with diorite. It's on Alonzo Avenue across the street from the old theater.
 
 
 
Shop Manager:  Sorry about that.

 05-14-1991
s*x F
 Christina Adalian
Shop Manager: Sure, I know Christina. Dated one of my guys. Real sweet gal. Used to bring donuts around before they broke up.
Catherine: Her ex happen to be working today?
 
Shop Manager: Yep. His name's Evan.
 
 
Evan Peters: Well, I'm sorry to hear about Christina, but we broke it off months ago. I haven't seen her since.
Warrick: Really? Was she dating one of your co-workers?
Evan Peters: Huh?
Warrick: Well, we found marble particles in her house and we identified the stone. It came from this facility.
Catherine: See, Mr. Peters, we know that you and Christina technically never had s*x, so when you found out that she was pregnant, I'm guessing that you felt that she cheated on you.
Evan Peters: How in the hell do you know about my s*x life?
Catherine: I mean, that had to have made you really angry, right?
Evan Peters: Well, that's why I dumped her.
 
Evan Peters: And fine, I saw her a couple of days ago. She called me in a panic. Dingbat had locked herself out with her damn baby still inside the house. Thought I had her spare key. I didn't. She sounded hysterical, so I went over to help.

Evan jimmies the lock with a long, thin piece of metal. We hear the baby crying inside the house.) 
Christina Adalian: Please hurry.
 
Christina Adalian: Joey!
 
 
Warrick: You followed her into the house?
Evan Peters: Yeah. Well, she wanted to talk. 
Warrick: What did you talk about?
Evan Peters: All right, get this. She tried to tell me that God got her pregnant.  I mean, if that's true, the big guy owes me an apology
'cause she was my girlfriend. He should have asked me first.
Catherine: Why did you lie to us? Claim that you hadn't seen her in months?
Evan Peters: Well, you guys were investigating her murder, and I want to stay out of it.
Catherine: Well, it's too late for that, my friend. We need your DNA. Open wide.

 
Duane McWane: The day I got married, I got rid of my gun. The wife didn't want it in the house.
Greg: You sell it?
Duane McWane: No, I gave it to my paralegal. I'm an attorney. Look, it's just a handgun, so I wasn't required to register the transfer.
Greg: What's your paralegal's name?
Duane McWane: Rita Day. She left the firm years ago. She's a paramedic now at emergency care ambulance.
Greg: You still keep in touch with her?
Duane McWane: I get a card every Christmas.
Greg: All right, well, thanks, Mr. McWane.
Duane McWane: Look, just, just so you know, she only got that gun for her own protection. Whatever you're investigating, Rita didn't do it.



 
 
Ecklie: How is it going?
Grissom: Well, according to my experience and all three of these textbooks, the P. Regina would develop from egg to puparium in eleven days.
Ecklie: Great. That discounts Thayer's testimony and puts Breckman in Vegas at the time of the homicide.
Grissom: Yeah, but his demonstration speaks for itself. There's no visible puparia for fifteen days, just as Thayer asserts.
Ecklie: And jurors might be more receptive to video documentation than books.
Grissom: The science in these textbooks is sound, but the tape is more than enough to get reasonable doubt.
Ecklie: Well, there's no doubt in my mind that Thayer worked his science to get the answers the defense needed. We just need to know how he did it. Could he have altered one of the variables?
Grissom: I've reviewed his documentation. He purchased the pig from a reputable dealer. He conducted the experiment at a private lab with eyewitnesses, controlled all variables to replicate the conditions at Lake Mead during the time in question--65 to 73 degrees, no precipitation, on and on.
Ecklie: Can you conduct your own experiment?
Grissom: Sure, if the judge will give me eleven days.
Ecklie: Well, we know that's not gonna happen.
Grissom: I'll have Archie review the video footage. Maybe he messed with the time code or something.  I'll let you know.
 
 
Wendy Simms: So I heard that my predecessor in DNA had all these you know, personal hygiene issues. Well, just for the record, I'm not like that. I have always been very touchy-feely. I mean, I used to work in San Francisco, you know. So ... every day we started with hugs.
Catherine: Uh-huh. Yeah. That must've been nice for you. So ...
Wendy Simms:  Hey, how about lunch tomorrow? Just you and me. Cause, see, I-I figure that you gotta know where the bodies are buried around here. So to speak.
Catherine: Is that why you paged me?
Wendy Simms: No. No, um ... I compared Christina Adalian's DNA to baby Joey's, and guess what? Mother and son -- they're not mother and son. At least not genetically speaking. There's no relation.
Catherine: And Evan Peters isn't the father?
Wendy Simms: Nope. So assuming that there was no big baby mix-up at the hospital, I'm thinking that Christina Adalian had to be a surrogate.
Catherine: Surrogacy ... that would explain her hymen.
Wendy Simms: Hello.
Catherine: Her hymen was intact, which is consistent with in-vitro fertilization.
Wendy Simms: Yeah, but there's one problem. A surrogate's not supposed to keep the baby. The surrogate is supposed to be a gestational carrier who returns the child to the biological parents after it's been born.
Catherine: Yeah, that is a problem.

 
Archie Johnson: Hey, Gris. I reviewed your videotapes. Checked for insertions, deletions, omissions. They're all authentic.
Grissom: You're certain?
Archie Johnson: Oh, yeah. I de-interlaced the video, checked the head switching, the hbi-vbi looked for in-out signals. The tapes are clean. Sorry.
Grissom: Did you blow up the frames?
Archie Johnson: Yeah. One every six hours. They're in layout, when you're ready.
Grissom: Okay.
 
Catherine: Oh, hi, Archie.
Archie Johnson: Hey.
Grissom: I just finished your eval.
Catherine: And?
Grissom: In the comments section, I noted that if you had my job, these evaluations wouldn't be late.
Catherine: Thank you. So I understand that you're going up against Mark Thayer. 
 
Catherine: The guy's an ass.
Grissom: He used to be a competent scientist. We actually co-authored a paper together ten years ago. I believe greed has gotten in his way.
Catherine: Well, I've seen him on the stand. He manipulates evidence.
Grissom: He manipulates people. The public assumes that scientists are ethical, but many of us are no better than politicians, evidently.
Catherine: So do you think that Thayer is presenting the jury with faulty forensics?
Grissom: I know he is. I just don't know how. Videotapes are clean. The science appears sound. How's your case going?
Catherine:  Huh. I don't know who killed Christina Adalian, I don't know how she got pregnant and I don't know the identity of the baby's biological parents.
Grissom: It's always good to know what you don't know.


;
 
 
Rita Day: Sure, I know Duane. He's a good boss. I just hated being cooped up in an office building all day.
Greg: He claims he gave you his gun several years back.
Rita Day: Yeah, sure. Why?
Greg: It was recently used in a homicide.
Rita Day: Damn. Well, I'm sorry.
Greg: So, the gun's no longer in your possession?
Rita Day: Lost the Colt in a poker game years ago.
Greg: Do you remember who you lost it to?
Rita Day: I was drunk as a skunk. Met these guys at a bar. Lost a small fortune trying to keep up with their raises.
Greg: Can you tell me anything about the guy who won the gun?
Rita Day: Well, he's an older guy, at least fifty. I remember guys were calling him 'Cy,' but that wasn't his real name. He had this large mole between his eyes.
Greg: 'Cy,' short for, uh, 'cyclops'?
Rita Day: Yeah. I swear I thought that thing was winking at me.
Greg: Thanks for your help.
Rita Day: No problem.
 
 
Sara: Oh, ducks. That's a new decorating choice.
 
Catherine: I now have to share this office with the day shift supervisor. She's got some kind of thing for waterfowl. What's up?
 
Sara: Warrick and I tracked down Joey Adalian's birth certificate. Christina's named as the mother, father's unknown. 
We also found another document in her desk. It's a registration form for an organization called Project Sunflower. They find mothers for abandoned embryos.
Catherine: Abandoned embryos?
Sara: According to literature, Project Sunflower believes that every fertilized egg or embryo is a baby from the moment it's created in a laboratory dish. Fertility clinics freeze fertilized eggs for their clients undergoing in-vitro fertilization. Often, the clinics freeze more eggs than they ultimately need.
Catherine: And Sunflower tries to find women willing to gestate and raise the leftovers?
Sara: Uh-huh. Project Sunflower promotes itself as doing God's work.
Catherine: I knew a stripper who claimed the exact same thing. So, is there any chance that you have a record of the baby's biological parents?
Sara: Not yet. But I do have an address for Sunflower's local chapter.

 
Emily Ryan: It's a tragedy. There are over four hundred thousand embryos currently in cryobank storage in the United States. Pre-born children suspended in time.
Catherine: If I understand your program correctly, you take these embryos and you place them in available wombs.
Emily Ryan: We seek out special unselfish women who are prepared to adopt at the embryonic stage of development. We believe that the soul is infused when sperm meets egg. That's when life begins.
Catherine: Are you aware that throughout much of history, the official church position held that a child's life begins when the mother first becomes aware of movement?
Emily Ryan: Oh, that's your opinion.
Catherine: In the 16th century, the pope proclaimed that embryos less than forty days old are not human. That is not my opinion.
Emily Ryan: You've had an abortion, Miss Willows?
Catherine: Huh. No. Thank God I decided not to have one. But we are not talking about me, Dr. Ryan. Are you a medical doctor?
Emily Ryan: I don't care for that insinuation.
Catherine: Oh, it's just a question. I take it that's a no?
Emily Ryan: I have a very busy afternoon. What exactly can I do for you?
Sara: I have a question. Do the biological parents get to meet the embryo adopters?
Emily Ryan: Of course. If you are going to give up your pre-born child, you'd want to approve of his or hers future parents, right?
Sara: Uh, one of your special women, Christina Adalian, was murdered. We're going to need the names of her son's biological parents.
Emily Ryan: I am, I'm sorry to hear about Christina. I conducted her intake interview personally. A lovely woman. Our records are confidential. I'm sorry.
Catherine: We can get a court order.
Emily Ryan: So get one.

 
 
Undersheriff McKeen: Ecklie said the tape might be authentic.
Grissom: Seems so.
 
Undersheriff McKeen: Grissom, I don't know what to do: Instruct the DA to offer second degree? I mean, I can't risk letting this guy back out on the street but to plead this out after what he did to someone I loved. I need some guidance here.
Grissom: I can't tell you what to do, Sheriff.
Undersheriff McKeen: No, you can't. But you can tell me where we stand. What are you doing?
Grissom: Circling blowflies.
Undersheriff McKeen: Why?
Grissom: 'Cause dead flies tell no lies.

 
Professor Rambar: The signature is definitely hers, and you're right, she wrote the note under duress.
Catherine: Have you been able to analyze the ink?
Professor Rambar: Thin-layer chromatography tells us the red dye is consistent with a standard coda pen. But find the pen. I should be able to match it to the note.
Catherine: You can match ink?
Professor Rambar: I can match its flow.
 
Professor Rambar: What do you notice about the ink?
Catherine: Uneven distribution?
Professor Rambar:  The pen socket that holds the ball in place was askew.
 
Professor Rambar:  The cockeyed socket caused ink disruption as it flowed down to the paper.
 
Professor Rambar: The damaged socket is quite common in sheet-writing instruments. Lucky for us, the uneven distribution of the ink will be unique to the pen that wrote the note.
 
Sara: Hey, Professor. Looking good.  You know how sometimes fact is stranger than fiction?
Catherine: Yeah.
Sara: Brass got the court order for Joey Adalian's biological parents: A Kenli and Dan Johnson in Seven Hills. We also found Christina's will. Guess who she named as Joey's guardians.
Professor Rambar: Kenli and Dan?

Professor Rambar:  Excuse me.
Sara:  You're right. 
Catherine: A single woman adopts a leftover embryo from an infertile couple and upon her death agrees to give the child back to its biological parents?
Sara: Who gave up the embryo in the first place?
Catherine: You happen to have an address for this Mr. and Mrs. Johnson?
Sara: Let's go.


Catherine: Oh, hey. How's the way of the gun?
Greg: It was lost in a poker game.
Sara: Did you get the winner's name?
Greg: No, but he has a large mole between his eyes and his nickname's 'Cy.'
That's all I got, so sorry.
Catherine: Greg, never apologize for doing your job.
 
Greg: Okay.

 
Kenli Johnson: Dan and I were desperate to have a child, and the doctor said our only hope was in-vitro.
Catherine: Where is your husband now?
 
Kenli Johnson: He ... he passed away.
Sandra Walkey: Are you sure I can't get you something?
Catherine: No, thank you.
 
Kenli Johnson: Thank you, Mom.
Sandra Walkey: You're welcome, baby.
Kenli Johnson: It's been almost a year. We were coming home from a movie when we were broadsided. The guy kept going and Danny never woke up.
Catherine: I'm so sorry. Can I ask you ... did you ever conceive a child?
Kenli Johnson: My body kept rejecting the procedure, so we tried three times and then called it quits.
Catherine: Had you ever considered a surrogate?
Kenli Johnson: It's very expensive. Danny just was never comfortable with the notion that ... well, we just figured we weren't meant to be parents.
Sara: And that's why you decided to give away your embryos.
Kenli Johnson: Yeah, I had seen a flyer at the clinic.
Catherine: Are you aware that one of those embryos was carried to term?
Kenli Johnson: Dan and I pre-screened Christina, and we went to see Joey and her once a month. So that's why when I got your call, I just don't know who'd want to hurt such a sweet girl.
Sara: According to Christina's will, you were named Joey's guardian.
Kenli Johnson: Yes, that was very important to Christina. She's not close with any of her family, so I've already called Child Services, and as soon the lawyer reviews the will, I'm supposed to pick him up.
Catherine: Well, if you don't mind, I'd like your permission to take a look at the clothing that you wore two nights ago.
Kenli Johnson: You can't possibly think I had anything to do with this?
Catherine: It's protocol. The victim was shot at close range.
 
Kenli Johnson: I wore the white blouse.
Catherine: We're going to need to take all the laundry back to our lab.
Kenli Johnson: You never found the guy who killed my husband, and now you're wasting time looking at my dirty clothes. That's fine. Take it.


 
Henry Andrews: Why did the fly, fly?
Grissom: Because the spider spied her. Catherine's daughter told me that when she was three. Do we have results?
 
Grissom: Thank you.

 
Catherine: Oh, hey, Ecklie said you wanted to see me.
Grissom: Yeah. A Dr. Ryan called and said that you verbally harassed her?
Catherine: I met Dr. Ryan in the course of my investigation. She runs an organization called Project Sunflower. Philosophically, I completely disagree with the organization. Perhaps I expressed myself.
Grissom: Which means?
Catherine: I'm pro-choice. I'm in favor of stem cell research. I'm sorry she felt harassed, but my comments were in response to her statements. I don't think I was out of line.
Grissom: You should have cited Leviticus 17:11. 'The life of the flesh is in the blood.' Taken literally, life doesn't begin when the sperm meets the egg, but 18 days later. When the embryo is infused with blood.
Catherine: Is that your position?
Grissom: Well, if I were speaking with a woman who prefers theology to science, it's a position she'd find tough to refute.
Catherine: So are we having a philosophical discussion here, or am I being reprimanded?
Grissom:  I don't know. I got to go to court.
 
Catherine: What?
Hodges: Your white blouse. The results are printing.

 
Hodges: It seems like you and Grissom were having a fairly intense conversation. Can I ask ... ?
Catherine:  Tell me about the blouse, please.
Hodges: I ran the S.E.M. over the adhesive disks and confirmed gunshot residue.

 
Carol Allred : You found clothing in a laundry basket that tested positive for gunshot residue. So what? That doesn't mean my client killed anyone.
Catherine: It proves that she fired a gun, Carol.
Kenli Johnson: I've never fired a gun. I've never even touched a gun.
Carol Allred : Catherine, I'm sorry, but if I understand your forensics, the GSR test does not, in fact, confirm that she fired a gun. I mean, it's possible she rubbed up against someone who did.
Catherine: Theoretically.
Kenli Johnson: I cared about Christina.
Catherine: I'm sure that you did. But looking into Joey's eyes and seeing your husband must've torn you up inside. And the only person standing between you and your baby was the victim.
Carol Allred : Okay, don't respond to that.
Catherine: When was the last time you actually saw Christina?
 
Kenli Johnson: Two days ago. I took them to lunch.
Catherine: What were you doing two nights ago, around 11:00 P.M.?
Kenli Johnson: I was home all night.
Catherine: Can anyone verify that?
Kenli Johnson: My mom lives with me, but she wasn't home. That's gin rummy night.

 
Sandra Walkey: What's going on in there? Kenli had nothing to do with this.
Catherine: Mrs. Walkey, I need your help. Your daughter claims that two nights ago she was home watching television. Can you confirm that?
Sandra Walkey: Well, of course. I was with her.
Catherine: Thank you.

 
Sara: If you had to guess, what's Kenli's dress size?
Catherine: Four, maybe six.
Sara: I found blood spatter on this blouse. Size 12.
Catherine: There're two women that live at that house. Only one is a size

 
Sandra Walkey: I don't need an attorney. I've done nothing wrong.
Catherine: Would you mind emptying the contents of your purse?
Sandra Walkey: First you go after Kenli, now me. A few hours ago, you guys were saying there was gunshot powder on Kenli's blouse. You make a mistake?
Catherine: No, it was probably transferred from your blouse, the one that you wore that night. I have a warrant to search your person and your home. Please empty the contents of your purse onto the table.
 
Catherine: A red coda pen.
 
Sandra Walkey: Joey ... is ... better off ... without me.
 
Christina Adalian: Please don't do this. Oh, God, please.
Sandra Walkey: Sign it. Sign it!
 
Catherine: You knew that her sister was coming for a visit, so the baby would be okay. You killed her and then staged the scene.
 

 
Sandra Walkey: You have a wild imagination, Ms. Willows.
 
Catherine: Is this your husband?
Sandra Walkey: Arnold. He passed away. Two years ago, May.
Catherine: He looks like a poker player.
Sandra Walkey: You can tell that from his photo?
Catherine: Actually, it's ... the mole between his eyes that's his tell.
Sandra Walkey: Why are we talking about Arnie?
Catherine: Because you used his gun. The gun he won in a poker game.
Sandra Walkey: Are you going to put me in jail?
Catherine: That's how it works.
Sandra Walkey: And the baby -- he goes with Kenli, right?
Catherine: I'm sure that Child Services will follow the dictates of Christina's will.
Sandra Walkey: Then it was all worth it. My baby has her baby. That's all that really matters.
Catherine: Did you ever consider that Christina Adalian is somebody's baby?
Sandra Walkey: We each protect our own. That's how it's done.
Catherine: Officer, would you please escort Mrs. Walkey to lockup?

 
Mark Thayer: As you can see, on day 14 -- plenty of larvae, commonly known as maggots, but no puparia.
 
Mark Thayer: Finally on day 15, you'll notice the puparia swimming in the brown liquid.
 
Mark Thayer: Based on that evidence, I can reliably conclude that Joanna Whitson was killed on November 1.
Adam Matthews : You're absolutely certain of that timeline?
Mark Thayer: Yes.
Adam Matthews : Thank you. No further questions.
Judge Witherspoon: Your witness.
Judge Witherspoon: Dr. Thayer, you're dismissed. Dr. Grissom, please approach the stand to be sworn in.
 
Bailiff: Raise your right hand. Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help you God?
Grissom: I certainly do.
Judge Witherspoon: You may be seated.
Grissom: Yes.
Grissom: No.
Grissom: Our crime lab analyzed fly larvae that was taken from the pig used by Dr. Thayer in his demonstration. Apparently, they digested dimethyldithiophosphate and t-mulz light aromatic. 
Grissom: Yes. I believe the malathion was sprayed onto the pig's skin.
Grissom: It would delay the time it takes for puparia to appear. Specifically, the malathion would delay oviposition.
Grissom: Laying eggs. Without malathion, adult flies would immediately lay new eggs on the pig's flesh. But with malathion, oviposition would be delayed up to four days. 
Grissom: Yes.
Adam Matthews : Objection.
Judge Witherspoon: Overruled.
Grissom: The only rationale I can think of would be jury manipulation. Every entomologist knows that early oviposition is undetectable because flies lay their first round of eggs inside body openings. Anyone reviewing the tape would assume that the eggs were being laid, when in fact they were not. If our lab had not tested the larvae for toxins, we would never have known that. Nor would the jury.
Judge Witherspoon: Counselor, your witness.
Adam Matthews : Uh, we have no questions at this time.
Judge Witherspoon: Oh, in that case, we are adjourned until 9:00 A.M. tomorrow morning.

 
Mark Thayer: I want to talk to you.
Grissom: I have nothing to say to you.
Mark Thayer: You impugned my character.
Grissom: What character?
Mark Thayer:  What the hell do you want?
 
Mark Thayer:  Oh, my God ...
 
Mark Thayer: This is all your fault.
Grissom: I hope so.
 
 
Undersheriff McKeen: Grissom. Great work up there.
Grissom: Actually, the work was done in the lab.
Undersheriff McKeen: When I took this job, I heard a lot of things about you. If you ever need a favor, if I can help you in any way ... 
Grissom: You know Sheriff, you could help me. I'm late delivering my team's personnel evaluations.
Undersheriff McKeen: I'll tell Ecklie. He'll backdate your cost-of-living adjustments.
Grissom: Thank you.
Undersheriff McKeen: So, Grissom, I'm not sure of your ambitions, but if you're interested in taking on more responsibility, maybe a promotion, I'd be glad to pass ...
Grissom:  You know, Oscar Wilde once said, 'Ambition is the last refuge of failure.' I'm fine. Thanks.
