

 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Yeah. One of the gals fished him out of the pool, and the owner called me. No one's touched the body since.
Grissom: Where's your coroner?
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Oh, couldn't get him on the horn. Probably out in some barn, up to his elbows in a cow's v*g1n*.
Sara: Excuse me?
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Oh. Yeah. Coroner's a part-time gig here in Brime County. He's a veterinarian. That's his money gig.
Sara:  Control, this is CSI Sidle. We're going to need a coroner for that 419 out at the Sugar Cane Ranch.
Dispatch:  Copy that. 
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Excuse me, ladies.
 
Grissom: This is a strange crowd for a cathouse.
Milton:  Hey, Sheriff! 
 
Milton: Di-Did you hear about my wife? Somebody shot my wife. Yeah, I'm telling ya, they shot my wife.
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Yeah. Okay. All right. Settle down, Milton. Settle down. Okay.
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: His wife died about ten years ago of a stroke.
Sara: What is with all the old-timers out here tonight?
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Oh, they live here. Yeah, all over these hills. Cheap rents, abundant sunshine. Life is good here in Brime County.
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Guy's name is Lorenzo Morales.
Grissom: 'Happy' Morales. I saw him fight LeRoi Steele at the Sands a couple of years ago. Took a vicious beating. Never touched the mat once.
Sara: Well, he's definitely down for the count.
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Listen. I want to tell you something. George and Doris Babinkian own this place. Run a real tight ship. Never had a problem in all the years they've been here. 
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Just good people. Pay their taxes, provide employment, pillars of the community. You know, last month actually, they had a ...
 
Aimee: Ned, you left this in my room again.
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: Oh. Thanks. Thanks, Aimee.
 
Sheriff Ned Bastille: She ...
 
 
Grissom: Look at this.
Sara: Gunshot wound?
Grissom: Maybe.
 
Sara: He's got a contusion over his right eye. Could be associated with the incident.
Grissom: Well, he was a boxer.
 
Sara: Feels like bathwater. It's got to be 90 degrees. There's no way we're going to get an accurate TOD.
Grissom: Places like this always keep their pools warm. Encourages the girls to swim topless. It's good for business.
 
 
Grissom: So they tell me.

 

 
Brass: So when was the last time you saw the deceased?
Binky Babinkian: It was, like, an hour ago, when they took him away on that cart.
Brass: No, I ... you know, I meant the last time you saw him alive.
Doris Babinkian: I saw him around noon yesterday. Made him his ... favorite meal. Meat.
Brass: Yeah. Mr. Babinkian ...
Binky Babinkian: Oh, you call me Binky. Everybody call me Binky.
Brass: Okay, Binky, tell me about ...
Binky Babinkian: Lorenzo? Everybody call him Happy.
Brass: Mm-hmm. What? Does everybody have a nickname around here?
Doris Babinkian: Not me. I'm just Doris. Nut?
Brass: No, thank you, Doris. So tell me about Happy.
Binky Babinkian: Oh, Happy, Happy. He was a fighter. He was a born boxer. He had speed, he had skills, he had heart, he had ... punch! You know, four years ago, he was a top-ranked middleweight.
Doris Babinkian: That's right.
Binky Babinkian: Yeah. But he... I don't know ... stumble into hard times.
Brass: Oh, yeah? What do you mean?
Binky Babinkian: You know. Boompa, boompa sniff, sniff. Like, party time. And I... I mean, I buy his contract, I take him out here, I give him a double-wide. I build him a gym to train him, and I train him. I can make him a champion.
Doris Babinkian: He did that.
Brass: You took a boxer who likes to party to a whorehouse to train? Do you think that was smart?
Binky Babinkian: Well, in hindsight, maybe not so good idea.
Brass: So, anybody have a grudge against Happy that you know of?
Binky Babinkian: Everybody loved Happy.
Doris Babinkian: Yes.
Binky Babinkian: You ... I want you to catch this person. Find him, please. And, you know ... anytime your boys need a break, we have something here we call a cop special.
 
Doris Babinkian: You'll like it.
Binky Babinkian: Any girl, no charge and one complimentary drink ... 
 
Doris Babinkian: Oh, two!
Binky Babinkian: Okay, two complimentary drinks. And one appetizer of your choice here at the bar. Tonight, we have, uh ... ?
Doris Babinkian: Baba ghanoush.
Binky Babinkian: Yes.
Brass: Well, thank you. Thank you very much. You two really run a mom-and-pop operation.
Doris Babinkian: Oh, thank you.
Brass: And now, if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to the hookers.
Doris Babinkian: Hooking is what girls do out on the street. Here we prefer the term 'pleasure provider.'
 
 
Sara: Ooh! Beer caps, candy wrappers, cigarette butts, used condoms. 
 
Sara: This is one pool I am not feeling a pressing need to take a dip in.
 
Nick: Ugh. Me either. This chair has taken quite a beating, and this cigarette looks like it was just left here and burned out. Hand me an evidence marker, will you?
 
Nick: There is a stain on the filter. Could be blood, could be lipstick. If this fellow was shot through the throat, and had a nasty lump on the head, -- 
 
Nick:  -- could be how he ended up face down in the pool.
 
Sara: Yeah, but there's no blood by the pool. If he was shot here, you'd expect spatter.
Nick: Back-splash could have washed it away when he hit the water.
Sara: I kind of doubt it. The bloodstains on his shirt were straight up and down. They had time to settle in. I think he was shot somewhere else, and just got dumped in here.
Nick: Well, it sounds like we need to play ... 'Find the Bullet.'

 
Greg: All right. Open up, please.
 
Lulu: Honey, come see me later. I can show you a better way to get DNA.

 
Brass: So did you see Lorenzo 'Happy' Morales last night?
Tiff: Uh-uh.
Lulu: No.
Dreama Little: I don't think so.
Brass: No?
Light Pink Robe Girl: No.
Aimee: Mm ... Mm-mm.
Brass: Did you hear any gunshots? Any shouting? Anything unusual?
Dreama Little: No.
Aimee: No.
 
Brass: So what did you do last night?
Aimee: A guy came in, and he brought his 18-year-old son, and I made him a man. I popped his man cherry.
Light Pink Robe Girl: Oh, the usual stuff. I had a pretty good night. I tickled a guy.
Brass: That's it?
Dreama Little: I had a cold, so I stayed in my room and I read 'Pride and Prejudice'.  I have a big fat crush on Mr. Darcy.
Tiff: I had two ... no, three dates. Then I hung around the bar and watched TV.
Brass: So, what did you think of Happy?
Light Pink Robe Girl: He was fine.
Lulu: Actually, he was kind of ...
Aimee: Cute. And he was ...
Dreama Little: I mean, I didn't have nothing against him.
Brass: Let me make something clear for you. This is a homicide investigation. If you're lying to me, even a little bit, I'm going to come down on you like a load of bricks. 
 
Brass: So let me ask you again. What did you think of Happy?
 
Light Pink Robe Girl:  I couldn't stand him. If it was up to me, ... he could die in hell! He was a thief! 
Tiff: He was messed up, man. He took pills to get wood, then he couldn't even finish.
Lulu: Plus, he had the windy problem.
Brass: What does that mean? He talked too much?
Tiff: No. He passed gas too much.
Aimee: He smelled really bad.
Lulu: I mean, I know you're not supposed to be sensitive in this line of work ...
Tiff: -- but that guy could blister paint.
Brass: Wow.
Dreama Little: What pissed me off, he started coming around, and he just stopped paying for it.
Aimee: He thought he could get anything and everything for free.
Brass: So, did Doris and Binky have a problem with this?
 
Girl:  Binky had a big problem with it.
Binky: You keep your hands off my girls. Okay?
Happy Morales: Hey, this is a whorehouse. That's what they're here for.
Binky: You lazy, fat bum. Why you don't make yourself useful around here, eh? Look at this piece of falling apart crap of a chair. 

Binky: You pick up a tool and fix it! All right?
 
 
Dreama Little: Doris, uh ... she had a little thing for Mr. Happy, if you know what I mean.
Brass: Did he reciprocate?
Tiff: What?
Brass: Was it a one-way thing or a two-way thing?
Aimee: I don't know what you're saying.
Brass: Did Binky know?
Dreama Little:  I don't know.
 
 
Grissom: May I?
 
Grissom: Thank you.
Doris: Mm-hmm.
 
Grissom: These monitors are live-feed only? Nothing taped?
Doris: Absolutely not. If we did that, and word got out, we'd be out of business in about a week.
 
Grissom: But I see that the rooms are wired for sound as well.
Doris: Yeah. Well, that's for the girls' protection.
Grissom: And to make sure that they don't short you on their financial transactions?
Doris: I just spot-check from time to time. I trust my girls.
Grissom: Did you hear anything unusual last night?
Doris: Believe me, if I had heard anything, you'd have known about it already. I want to know what happened to that poor boy just as much ... just as much as anybody.
Grissom: You cared about him.
Doris: Happy was a child in a man's body, you know? He had no family. He had nobody. He was scared. His big comeback was going nowhere. He was finished, and he knew it. Happy knew it. Binky knew it. Everybody knew it.
 
 
Grissom: Twenty-five people here last night, and nobody sees anything.
 
Woman:  Nice hat, honey.
 
Sara: So you've been to a place like this before?
Grissom: I worked a murder-suicide at the Naughty Kitty once.
Sara: No, no, come on. You know what I mean.
Grissom: As a customer? No.
Sara: You never paid for s*x?
Grissom: I have not. I find the whole idea very ... bleak.
Sara: Really? How come? GRISSOM: s*x should provide the opportunity for human connection, but paid s*x does the opposite of that. To me, s*x without love is pointless. It makes you sad.
Sara: Well, I'm pretty sure I don't make you sad.
Grissom: No. You make me happy.
 
 
 
 
Grissom: Methaqualone ... benziazepine; antidepressants.
 
Sara: Anabolic steroids, beta blockers, high-blood-pressure meds, Prevalis.
Grissom: There's no prescription labels. It's all written in Spanish. Looks like a lot of this stuff came from south of the border.
Sara: Blood drops on the floor. Smears on the furniture and the walls.
Grissom: This might be where they ran the opening bell.
 
 
Robbins: Boxers all end up the same--beaten, broken and forgotten.
Warrick: Hmm, yeah, Joe Louis, George Foreman, Ali, Marciano, Frazier, Tyson --
Who are those guys?
 
Catherine: Whoa.
Robbins: Genitals are distended and patchy and covered with large red welts. Testicles are swollen, roughly three times the average size. Scrotum is filled with fluid. It's consistent with cardio edema or an STD. Maybe an infection of some kind.
Catherine: Either that or this guy's got the world's ugliest Johnson.
 
Robbins: Okay, I'll just slice the scrotal sack and draw out a fluid sample.
Warrick: Oh, Doc, could you wait till I leave? Thanks.
Catherine: This guy's got a nasty crack on his head.
 
Robbins: Yeah. Probably a fracture. Wouldn't surprise me if there was a hematoma to go along with it.
Catherine: There's linear markings on the contusion.
 
Warrick: Looks like letters of some kind. What is that?
Catherine: I think it's backwards.
 
Catherine:  I-N-C-H.

 
Binky: Please, listen. You make me close down my doors, cop cars in front! It's not good for the business. I know a man die here, but dead is dead. I lose my shirt. 
Nick: Are the girls allowed to keep any weapons in the room for self-defense?
Binky: No weapons. Strictly forbidden.
Nick: Then you won't mind if I check for myself, right?
Binky: What do you mean, check for yourself? How long will this take?
Nick: As long as it takes.
 
Binky:  As long as it takes. Your mother sleep with Azerbaijani.

Brass:  Dreama Little. 
 
 
Brass: Is that your real name?
Dreama Little:  Stars shining bright above you, night breezes seem to whisper 'I love you,' birds singing in the sycamore tree, dream a little dream of me. 
Brass: Do I look like Paula Abdul to you?
Dreama Little: My daddy gave me that name 'cause he liked that song. BRASS:  Happy was hit in the head with a crowbar we found in your room. You wiped off your fingerprints, but you didn't wipe off his blood from the grooves.
Dreama Little: He was always ... coming up to my room, getting all up on me. He liked them other girls, but he was obsessed with me. Look, look what he did. 
 
Dreama Little: He punched me right there in the ribs just for fun. Stupid. 
 
Dreama Little: Then he flipped me over and then he started punching me back here. Every night, drunk, crazy, messed up--whether he could get it up or not.
 
Dreama Little:  Last night I was just about to take my week off to bleed, and I wasn't in the mood.
 
Dreama Little:  So yeah ...
 
Dreama Little:  ... I hit him.
 
 
Dreama Little: So what? He deserved it. It didn't even drop him. He just wandered off.
Brass: I'm going to let you in on a little secret. You don't get to decide whether you kill somebody or not.
Dreama Little: I just explained to you ...
Brass: You whacked him on the side of the head with a crowbar.
Dreama Little: I know, but I didn't ...
Brass: That's assault with a deadly weapon.
Dreama Little: He came over ...
Brass: It doesn't matter whether he wandered off or not. He's bleeding from the brain. If he dies later on, that's murder on you.
Dreama Little:  I killed him?
Brass: You know, a jury may take into account the fact that you were abused, and I hope they do. But you're not gonna just walk out of here.
Dreama Little:  I killed him!
 
Brass: You know, sometimes it helps to write it down.
Dreama Little: Okay.
 
 
 
Brass:  Yes.
Robbins:  Understand you'll be talking to the girl who crowbarred the boxer.
Brass:  Well, yes, Doctor, I'm actually with her right now.

 
Robbins: Yeah? Well actually I'm with him right now. And that blow to the head wouldn't do him much good. But it's definitely not what killed him. 
 
 
Robbins: The blow to the forehead caused bruising to the right frontal lobe. It's significant, but definitely sub-lethal by itself.
Catherine: And what are those gray spots?
Robbins: Just old scar tissue. See it on boxers all the time. It's impossible to know what kind of brain damage the guy was already living with.
Catherine: So what killed him?
Robbins: In addition to the brain trauma and the holes in his throat, he has needle marks on his thighs, arms and buttocks. I don't know for certain what he was shooting up. Still waiting for tox.
Catherine: Well, he was found floating face down in a pool, so let's start with the obvious. Any evidence of drowning?
Robbins: His lungs were partially filled with blood and water. However, the neck wound transected the trachea below the epiglottis.
 
Robbins: So the air and the water could have entered passively postmortem.
Catherine: Well, the entry and the exit are the same size, but ... it doesn't look like a bullet wound to me.
Robbins: No, it seems more like a straight-through puncture. The bruising here is more developed than here. At this point, all I can say for sure is the neck wound occurred before the blow to the head.

 
 
Nick:  Hey. Catherine said we might not be looking for a bullet anymore.
Sara: She happen to say at we are looking for?
Nick: Not a bullet.
Sara: Well, it looks like we have blood drops heading towards Happy's trailer.
Nick: Mm-hmm.
Milton:  Hey! 
 
Milton: You kids, you caught your, caught your guy?
Nick: No, sir.
Milton: You going to catch him?
Sara: We certainly hope so.
Milton: Well, think this might be of some help? 
 
Milton: I told you, somebody shot my wife. Come in. I'll show you. 

 
Nick: There is what appears to be blood on the shaft.
Milton: I told 'em. I told 'em, but would they listen? No, no, just an old man running off at the mouth.
Sara: Did you see this happen?
Milton: No. Woke up this morning and found it like that.
I shot an arrow into the air, and it fell to Earth I know not where.
 
Milton: 
Oh, so swiftly it flew, the sight
could not follow it in its flight.
Long, long ...
Nick:  Sir. That's, that's really sweet.
Milton: That's Longfellow.  What do you kids know 'bout poetry? 
Sara: Nick, arrow came in through that window.

Nick:  Yeah.
 
Milton:  Even an idiot could see that.
 
 
 
 


Nick: Hey, Sara. Found another arrow shot in the ground near that old toolshed.
Sara: Maybe the shooter got nervous.
Nick: Well, to work in a brothel you're required to register your fingerprints, so ...
Sara: I'm almost done here. I'll catch up.
Nick: Okay. I'll let you know if we get lucky.
 
Sara:
A long time afterward, in an oak ... 
 
Sara: ... found the arrow, still unbroke
And the song, from beginning to end,
 
Sara:
I found again in the heart of a friend.
 
Sara: Keep the faith, Milton.

 
Doris:  Connor. Honey, are you asleep?
 
Doris: Connor.
 
Connor Foster: Hello, Doris.
Doris: Are you drunk?
Connor Foster: No. Not too much.
 
Connor Foster: What's up, dude?
Nick: Mr. Foster, we're going to need to talk to you down at the police station. Okay?
Connor Foster: Okey-doke.

 
Connor Foster: Okay. So I shot Happy. I hated that guy. But it was self-defense.
Brass: Self-defense, really? How?
Connor Foster: I myself was trying to defend the girls. They needed me to protect them. They depended me on that. So that's what I done. 
This guy was a monster!
 
Connor Foster:  He was all puffed up ...
 
Connor Foster: -- like some big-ass ... lizard monster guy.
 

 
Brass: So this is your idea of an assassination attempt? This is your Lee Harvey? You hide behind a toolshed and shoot him with a crossbow, which we all know you own -- is that it?
Connor Foster: Yeah, but he wouldn't die. And I'm glad he did. And anyway, I wasn't the one that killed him.  He just ... kept coming at me. He wouldn't lie down.
Brass: Right.
Connor Foster: It was horrible.
Brass: Connor. You shot a guy in the neck, and you don't think you killed him?
Connor Foster: Uh-huh.
Brass: Well, how do you know you didn't kill him? How do you know he didn't stagger off somewhere and ... you know, drop dead in the pool? I'm liking you for Happy's murder. I'm liking you a lot.
Connor Foster: But I didn't kill him! And I'd do it again if I had a chance! 
 
Connor Foster:  I killed him?
Brass: Yeah.
Connor Foster: I killed him? I killed him!

 
Connor Foster: Are you gonna get that?
Brass: Yeah.

 
Brass: Listen, I just got a confession from the crossbow guy, so we're all set.
Robbins: Well, then I am sorry to ruin your day, but I certainly appreciate the company. Your guy might be the shooter ... but he's not the killer.
Brass: He-he's not ... What do you mean?
Robbins: I mean ... It's not him.


;
 
 
Robbins:  Happy was on the verge of anaphylactic shock. His trachea was almost completely blocked.
 
Robbins:  And then he got shot.
 
Robbins:  The arrow reopened his airway-- 
 
Robbins: -- in essence gave him an emergency tracheotomy.

 
Brass: So the guy took an arrow through the throat, and it prolonged his life?
Robbins: Apparently.
Catherine: And what are the odds of it not hitting a major artery?
Robbins: Whatever comes right before zero.
Catherine: So COD is anaphylactic shock?
Robbins: Not entirely. The epiglottal tissues are only slightly swollen, which suggests the anaphylaxis had enough time to subside.

Robbins: Not now, David.
David Phillips: I'm sorry, but Happy's antigen assay came back. The anaphylaxis was a reaction to shellfish.
Robbins: I didn't find any seafood in his stomach or small intestine. Just six and a half pounds of undigested red meat. 
Brass: Well, that explains the flatulence.
Catherine: And nothing else.

 
Hodges: Anything?
Greg: No shellfish yet, but plenty of used condoms, as well as antifungal powder, vaginal lubricant, hair balls, toenail clippings, hemorrhoid cream and lice-killing shampoo. Somehow, the whole brothel mystique is wearing thin.
 
Hodges: I found a couple of syringes, too. 
Greg: I thought these girls were supposed to be drug-free.
Hodges: Well, maybe there's a legitimate medical reason for that.
Greg: Yeah. That's why it was stuffed inside of a tampon applicator.
 
Greg: You know, I kind of feel bad for these girls.
Hodges: Don't feel too bad. They have health benefits, good pay. Women get regular checkups. The industry is well-regulated, as opposed to picking a hooker up off the street.  Does she have a disease? Multiple diseases? Is she crazy? Is she gonna roll you? Where do you go? Do you do it in your car? Behind a building? Down a dark alley? So you drive around, scared out of your mind. You finally get the nerve up, pick one you like, call her over, she gets in - next thing you know, you're down on the pavement, cuffed, 'cause she's an undercover cop, but luckily, you're three months shy of your 18th birthday, so when you call your mom to come get you, it doesn't go on my permanent record.
Greg: Okay.
 
Hodges: We've got a winnah!
 


 
Grissom:  The prints on the shrimp tails all came back to George Babinkian, but whoever was eating the shrimp was wearing lavender lipstick -- so I'm guessing it wasn't Binky.
 
Brass:  Well, that's Doris's color.
 

 
Grissom: Doc was bothered there was no sign of shellfish in Happy's digestive tracts, so he went back and checked the genital area -- there are clear indications that the point of entry of the anaphylaxis ... was through the urethra.
Brass: Oh ... Yeah. Oh. You know, when I talked to the girls, they told me that Doris and Happy had a thang. You add Binky into the mix, and that is one nasty little love triangle.

 
Binky: So, are we making progress?
Brass: Well, actually, it's a ... it's a very complicated case. We were hoping maybe you'd help us out a little.
Binky: Well, of course, gentlemen, anything.
Brass: Well, apparently, Happy was in the midst of a life-threatening anaphylactic collapse. Do you know what that means?
 
Binky: Um ...
Brass: It's a very heavy allergy attack ... to shellfish.
 
Brass: But the strange thing is, the allergen, it seems, was introduced into Happy's system through oral-genital contact.
Binky: I have no idea what you're talking about now.
 
Binky: Now ... Uh ... gentlemen, she's very hot my wife. She was very fond of ... of this boxer.
 
Brass: Apparently.
Binky: Will you excuse us?  I would like to ... comfort and talk to my wife.
Brass: Well, no, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Grissom: No. I think it'll be all right. Go ahead.
Binky: Thank you, thank you.
Grissom: Take your time.
 
Brass: What was that about?
Grissom:  Come on.
 
Grissom: These rooms are all wired for sound.
Brass: We can't use this as evidence.
Grissom: They have no expectation of privacy in those rooms. Binky and Doris are the ones who wired them, and they listen to their clients all the time.

 
Doris: That's why you did it. That's why you fed me the shrimp. 
Binky: I feed you shrimps because I love you. And you love shrimp, no?
Doris: Don't play dumb with me, George. Somehow you figured out that Happy was allergic.
Binky: Oh, you crazy talk, crazy.
Doris: No, it's all clear to me now. How long have you known?
Binky: Known about what?
Doris: About me and Happy.
Binky:  You were doing boxer?
Doris: Screw you, George. You know damn well I was.
Binky: I don't care if you have your flingy-flingys. We're living in America, no? I mean everybody's entitled to pursuit of happy. What's done is done, Doris. He was turning into big drag. He's dead now. May God take his soul and rest.
Doris: You're setting me up, George.
Binky: I ...
 
Doris: Now don't you shush me, George. You know what? You've pulled some really out-to-lunch crap in your life, George, but this ... is ...
 
 
George: What you just said ...
Doris: I didn't mean it. That was just crazy talk.
Brass: Yeah. 
Doris: Yeah. I mean, nobody would ever possibly believe, not for a single solitary moment, I mean not for a single solitary moment, that you, that I, that Happy ...
Binky: Oh, come here, baby, baby, come.
 
Doris: Oh. I love you.
 
Binky: I love you.
Doris:  I love you.
Binky: I love you.
 
Doris:  I love you, too. 
Brass: And I love you both. Let's go. You're under arrest.
 
 
Grissom: Binky used Doris to induce Happy's allergic reaction to shrimp as a sort of test of her fidelity ...
Catherine: And Happy ends up dead. Not bad. Who's Brass going to charge?
 
Robbins: Don't bother. You can't charge either one.
 
 
Robbins:  On secondary examination of the body, I noticed a patch of necrotic skin on the right calf. Looked like a bite of some kind. 
 
Robbins:  So I sent blood off for prothrombin time and blood venom ratio.
 

 
Robbins: It came back positive for snake venom.
Catherine: Smashed with a crowbar, shot by a crossbow, poisoned by shrimp and now bitten by a snake?
Robbins: Sort of-- Happy had Western Diamondback Rattlesnake venom in his system -- the real deal -- but it wasn't from a bite.
 
Robbins:  I histo-ed the wound and checked the cross-section.
 
Robbins:  Snake bite punctures are typically curved ...
 
Catherine: Yeah, these are straight. And one's deeper than the other. Look like needle marks.
Robbins: As you can see, the tissue around he wound was pretty badly degraded.
 
Grissom: Greg found this in the trash of one of the girls' rooms.
Catherine: Which girl?

 
Brass: So I think you'll be happy to know that your little crowbar stunt didn't kill Happy.
Dreama Little: Really?
Brass: Really.
Dreama Little: Oh, that's great. That's like I told you. So can I go now?
 
Brass: Well, don't you even want to know how he died?
 
Dreama Little: Well ... yeah, okay.
Brass: You know, it was the damnedest thing. He had snake venom in his system.
Dreama Little: Huh.
Brass: Hmm.
Dreama Little: A snake bite. Isn't that a hoot?
Brass: Yeah, that's just what it is -- a hoot.
Dreama Little: You know, there's a bunch of those rattlers all up over those hills. I bet he just ...
Brass: Oh, he wasn't bitten. No, he was injected. Yeah. Somebody took a syringe full of snake venom and injected it in his leg.
Dreama Little: I don't know nothing about that.
Brass: Oh, we found the syringe with the venom in it and your DNA on it in the tube you hid it in. I mean, you might have walked on the crowbar thing, but this is premeditated. And that can be very, very bad for you. Look, I know that you and Connor did this together. He's already going down for the crossbow shot. That's probably why he gave you up.
Dreama Little: He-he blamed ... he blamed it on me?
Brass: He said that you cooked up the whole thing from top to bottom.
 
Dreama Little: Mm ... Connor would never say that. He was in love with me.
Brass: Are you saying that faking the snake bite was his idea?
Dreama Little: No. Connor ain't that smart. It was my idea.
 
Dreama Little:  My daddy was a serpent-handling preacher. My people all had the holy fire. I had it, too, but mine came from below.
 
 
Dreama Little: I caught and milked that rattler.

Connor Foster: Dreama said she did it? By herself?
Brass: That's right. You're going to walk out of here a free man. And she's going to jail, and you can visit her every third Thursday until she's a very old lady. Is that the way you want it to be?
Connor Foster: No.
Brass: Well, that's the way it's going to be. Unless you can convince me she's lying just to save your sorry ass.
Connor Foster: That ain't the way it went down. Dreama thought it up, but I'm the one who stuck it in.

Dreama Little: Come on. DREAMA LITTLE: Put it in.
 
Dreama Little:  That's okay. Shh. Go back sleep.
Happy:  Later, I'll get you later. Okay?
Dreama Little: It's okay.  Two holes.
Connor Foster: Two holes. What? 
Dreama Little: Two holes.
Connor Foster: Oh.
 
 
Connor: And then I went and I dumped his body into the culvert. Me, by myself.
 
 

 
Grissom: Right now the DA's not sure who he's going to charge. What he needs from us is the most accurate timeline we can provide.
Catherine: Well, according to Tox, the hemolytic component of the venom had time to break down tissue, which means that it had to have been in his system at least a few hours.
Grissom: So the fake snake bite is around 1:00.
 
Grissom:  Happy's down ... but not out.
 
 
Nick: Well, that gets Dreama and Connor for attempted murder with conspiracy to commit.
Grissom: And earlier that night, Binky fed Doris some jumbo tiger shrimp, -- 
 
Grissom:  -- knowing that she'd eventually find Happy for round two.
Happy:  Dreama!
 
Happy: Oye, mamita. I don't feel too good.
Doris: Come here, baby. I know what you need. I'm going to make you feel all better. Come to Doris, baby.
 
 
Catherine: Doris administers some very special first aid ... and Happy's little soldier swells to battalion size.
Nick: Babinkian knew about that shellfish allergy -- that's intent, right?
Grissom: In any event, Binky and Doris lawyered up. They're sticking together.
Catherine: How romantic. So, now Happy is not so happy, because he'd heading into anaphylactic shock.
 
Grissom: According to Narco, Happy had epinephrine in his trailer, which is probably what he was trying to get to in round two.
 
 
 
Nick:  That's assault with a deadly weapon.
Grissom:  But not necessarily murder.
 
Nick: So the field tracheotomy buys un-Happy enough time to get the epi.
 
 
Catherine: At this point, you'd think he would've just called it a night. Watched a little TV, hit the sack, but no.
 
Happy: Dreama. I'm going to get you, you little bitch.
 
 
 
Grissom: Which brings us to round four. 
 
 
 
 
Grissom: The TKO.
Nick: You do know what a good defense attorney is going to say to all this, don't you?
Catherine: What?
Nick: The lawn chair did it.


 
