
Sara sits in the dark locker room as she works on removing the stitching.

 
Frat Boys:  Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink!
 
Frat Boys:  Yeah! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink!
 
Frat Boys:  Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink ... !
 
 
 
 
David Phillips: Sorry, no ID.
Catherine: It's okay. Brass has a line on the resident director.
Monica:  Lanie! Oh, my God, no!
 
Monica: My God, Lanie, I can't believe it. You really did it.
Catherine: Hey! Let her on through.

Lanie: Monica!
 
Monica: Lanie! Don't you ever die on me! Promise!
Lanie: I won't. I promise.
Officer: Okay, come on.

David Phillips: It's the third jumper on campus this year. Maybe it's contagious.
 
Catherine: I saw this documentary once on suicides off the Golden Gate Bridge, and they interviewed a survivor and he said the moment that he let go of the railing, he realized that all of his problems were fixable, except for having jumped.

 
Nick:  Hey, Catherine.
 
Catherine:  Uh, yeah, Nicky, what you got?
Nick:  Chains and padlocks. There's no roof access from the dorm.
Catherine:  Well, the body landed close to the building, so if she didn't come from the roof, she must have come out of a room.
Nick:  Okay, I'll work my way down.
 
Brass:  Nick, you in the dorm?
Nick:  That's affirmative.
 
Brass:  I'm with the resident director. He's ID'd the victim as Kira Dellinger. She's in Room 807. She's a freshman from McLean, Virginia. I guess I'm going to go notify the parents.
Nick:  Perks of the job.
Brass:  Yeah.

 
 
 
Nick:  Hey, Catherine, do you see any wounds on the body inconsistent with the fall?
Catherine: Hang on.
David Phillips: Well, there's this. 
 
Catherine:  Yeah, there's a long perimortem abrasion on the lower back.
Nick:  I think I know how it got there.
 
Kira Dellinger: No!
 
Nick:  Drag 'n' drop.

 
Warrick: Oh, ooh!
Sara: Oh ...
Warrick: Ooh, where's the fire? 
Sara:  Oh, sorry.
 
Sara: 'Zopidem'? That's good stuff.
Warrick: Yeah, it's to help me sleep. I've been having the hardest time lately.
Sara: Me, too.
Warrick: Well, just coming off of grave after all these years, you know, takes a while to adjust.  You're a tough cookie. I'm not worried about you. Take care of yourself, huh?
Sara: Thanks.
Warrick: Yeah.
 
Sara: Sweet dreams.
Warrick:  Thank you.
 
Sara: Oh ...
 
Ronnie: Hey. Sara, you done with your scene?
Sara: Yeah.
Ronnie: Great, because we just caught another one: 425 off Craig Road.
 
Ronnie: Busy shift, but you know I like that. I'll see you outside, okay?
Sara: Okay.

 
Sara: What do you got? 
Officer Akers: Neighbors called in a domestic disturbance between Adam and Kim Jimenez. I responded, knocked and didn't get any answer, so I looked through the window, and this is what I saw. Nobody's home, so I called you guys.
 
 
 
 
Sara: Blood but no body. No sign of the couple.
Officer Akers: No. Nothing.
Sara: Lots of blood activity here.
 
Ronnie: Then someone ran out the door.
 
Officer Akers: Stop right there. Hands where I can see 'em.
 
Kim Jiminez: This is my house.
Sara: Mrs. Jimenez?
 
Sara: Where have you been?
Kim Jiminez: My husband and I had an argument. I went on a walk.
Sara: Where's your husband now?
 
Kim Jiminez: I, uh ... I don't know.
 
Ronnie: Mrs. Jimenez, are you okay?
Kim Jiminez: Bad back.
 
Ronnie: Sara, she's got a very bad back.  Dispatch, this is CSI Lake. We need paramedics right away on location.
 
Dispatch:  Copy, CSI. Will notify.
 
 
 
Robbins: Hey.
Catherine: Hey. What do you think this might be?
Robbins: Well, possibly a tooth fragment. High fall?
Catherine: Yeah. We think she was pushed. So, between her knuckles -- suggests a struggle?
 
 
Kira: No!
 
Robbins: Was she raped?
Catherine: There's no trauma, but the wet mount indicates that she definitely had s*x.
Robbins: Oh, no condom. Good for us.
Catherine: Yeah. Such a scary thing, sending your kid off to college.
 
Robbins: Is Lindsey looking already?
Catherine: Yeah. In fact, we looked at WLVU last month.
Robbins: Well, at least she'd be close to home.
Catherine: She's free on campus, might as well be a thousand miles away.
 
 
Greg: Hey.
Nick: Hey. Any luck with dorm security? 
Greg: Nope. There's no cameras, only key cards, but according to the residence director, the door's propped open all the time anyway.
Nick: Okay.
 
Greg: Kind of hard to tell the difference between a struggle and a typical college dorm room.
Nick: Yeah. You should have seen mine. It was really bad.

Greg: Hmm. 'X' marks the girl. Symbol for a 'straight edge' lifestyle. Abstinence from drugs, tobacco, alcohol ...
 
Greg: ... but not s*x.
 
Nick: Sexual lubricant. Give me that.

Greg: So, pretty brave for college.
Nick: Yeah, or just another way to get attention.
 
 
Greg: Looks like our vic was in a Goth band. You know, I used to be Goth.
Nick: Mm-hmm.
Greg: Yeah, the Goth thing was just an act. Chicks dug it.
Nick: How does that work?
Greg: You act depressed to get chicks, you get depressed chicks.

 
Adam Jimenez:  Just let me in.
 
Adam Jimenez: Baby, are you okay?
 
Adam Jimenez: Are you all right? You doing okay, huh? You all right? You okay? Yeah? Did you call these cops on me?
Kim Jiminez: No ... No.
Adam Jimenez: Huh? 
 
Adam Jimenez:  Did you call the cops on me?!

Kim Jiminez:  I didn't call the cops!
 
 
Ronnie:  Sara?
 
Sara: Why don't you finish up here?
 
Ronnie: Wait a minute. How are we going to handle this?
Sara: Well, the guy's under arrest.
Ronnie: He'll be free by tomorrow. Her husband is obviously abusing her.
 There's got to be something we can do.
Sara: We'll be back for her body next month. Or his. Or both. There is nothing you can do about this, Ronnie. Don't kid yourself.
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Mandy: Sara, I've got something really good on that defenestrated college kid.
Sara: Oh, that's Catherine's case. Or, you know what, talk to Nick.
Mandy: No, no, no, you're really going to love this. A print on a lube tube matched a print on her windowsill. AFIS got a hit.
 
Mandy: Ever think you'd see that guy again?

 
Nick:  Marlon West was on trial for the murder of Stacy Vollmer.

 
Nick: He confessed. It was later thrown out on a technicality. We really didn't need it. The prosecution's case against Marlon was very strong.
Sara: Until Marlon's little sister Hannah got on the stand and confessed to the murder herself.
 
Hannah West: Marlon didn't kill Stacy. I did. And I was wearing this when I did it.
Catherine: Oh, yes, I remember this case. A high school senior at age 12.
Sara: She's a prodigy. 
Nick: She's a pint-size Machiavelli. She manipulated events, fabricated evidence, and in the end ...
 
Jury Forewoman: We, the jury, find the defendant, Marlon West not guilty.
 
Sara: Hannah, you are smart.
Hannah West: But you have to be really smart to make people think things happened that never did.
Sara: What do you mean exactly?
Hannah West:  I didn't kill Stacy. Marlon did.
Sara: She claimed that she did it because she loved Marlon. Some warped sense of justice ... She graduated later that summer, became legally emancipated from her parents and went off to Harvard--pre-med.
Grissom: You keeping tabs on her?
Sara: Not recently. Look, accident or no accident, Marlon killed before. Hannah sunk this case, Marlon got a free pass, and now he's killed again.
Catherine: Well, we don't know that just yet. I mean, we don't have Marlon's DNA to compare with the semen that was found in the victim. All the old evidence was expunged with the verdict.
Sara: I want this case.
Grissom: The one that got away?
Sara: We're not supposed to let them get away, right?
Grissom: Okay. I'll see if I can clear it with Ecklie. Catherine has to supervise, though. You report to her.
 
 
 
Sara: Hello, Marlon.
Marlon West: What are you guys doing here?
Brass: We're here to talk to you about Kira Dellinger.
Marlon West: Kira committed suicide.
Sara: Actually, she was murdered.
Marlon West: Somebody I know ends up dead and I'm automatically a suspect?
Brass: History has a way of repeating itself, Marlon. You've killed before, you know?
Marlon West: That was an accident. And I admitted I was responsible from day one.
Sara: Kira was forced out her dorm window. Your prints were there.
Marlon West: My prints were there because I've been in there a million times. Kira and I were in a band.
Sara: Your prints were also found on a tube of sexual lubricant. 
Brass: Were you having s*x with her, Marlon?
Marlon West: Yeah, we were having s*x. 
Brass: Last night?
Marlon West: No, we had a gig last night. We ... we got into a fight.
Sara: Did she give you that fat lip?
 
Marlon West: No, not exactly.
 
Marlon West: Kira! Kira!
 
Marlon West: Keep your hands off her!
 
 
Kira Dellinger: I'm done! From now on, just stay out of my life, psycho!
Marlon West: I don't know who the guy was. I had never seen him before. After that, I just ... wandered the campus most of the night by myself.
Brass: So you don't have an alibi.
Marlon West: I guess I don't.
Sara: Well, I'll tell you what. We will give you the benefit of the doubt in exchange for this.
 
Sara: You remember this.
 
Hannah West: I assume you have a DNA warrant, Sara. Because if you don't, you certainly don't have his consent. Isn't that right, Marlon?
Sara: Hannah, I heard you were studying back East--what are you doing here?
Hannah West: Graduate school. Excuse me. 
 
Sara: Excuse me.
 
Sara: You are not going to muddy the waters this time.
Hannah West: Are you sure you'd know if I had? You're welcome to stay. You might learn something. 
 
Hannah West: Please turn to page 187, the Clausius-Clapeyron equation. Oh, by the way, Professor Costin said it'll be on the exam.
 
 
Brass: I don't know, Sara. It's going to be tough to get a warrant.
Sara: I need Marlon West's DNA. If his semen is in Kira Dellinger, it puts him at the murder.
Brass: Look, they had a known sexual relationship, so there's no evidence of rape. And I don't know if you know this, but Marlon's mother and father were killed in a car accident last year. Judge Bowman is going to be very sensitive to that. It could look like harassment.
Sara: Jim, are you going to talk to the judge or not?
Brass: Wow, you really got it out for this kid. What's the deal here, Sara?
Sara: Marlon West has killed before.
Brass: Not according to a jury of his peers.
Sara: Did you have fun talking to Kira Dellinger's parents?
Brass: Excuse me?
Sara: Must've been a lot of screaming and crying and despair.
Brass: Yeah, there usually is. What's your point, Sara?
Sara: My point is, if we had done our job right the first time, Marlon West would be in jail, and Kira Dellinger would still be alive. Talk to the judge.
 
 
Henry Andrews: HPLC found high levels of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid in Kira Dellinger's blood.
Nick: GHB does occur naturally in the body. You sure she was drugged?
Henry Andrews: Pretty sure. Started to metabolize in her blood and urine when she died. That typically indicates dosing.
Nick: Okay, so then maybe she was roofied, raped, then murdered.
Catherine: And no vaginal trauma because she was too numb to resist. It's possible.
Henry Andrews: You know, some people take GHB recreationally.
Nick: I didn't find any drug paraphernalia in her room. It was pretty consistent with a 'straight edge' lifestyle.
Catherine: You know, that just sounds like something a girl tells her parents in order to make them feel better. I mean, we know she had s*x. There was GHB in her system ... I think you just need to test everything in her room that she may have ingested.
Nick:  Okay.
 
 
Greg: If you've got a band, you've got a blog.
Archie Johnson: Got e-mails, IMs, text messages—a minute-by-minute diary of Kira Dellinger's life.
Greg: With the last post a couple hours before she died.
Archie Johnson: What made you think to check her Twitter page?
Greg: Well, most date rape victims know their assailants, and Kira was an active blogger, so I figured if she was having trouble with anyone, she'd probably talk about it online. Some people just don't value privacy.
Archie Johnson: They don't expect privacy. They value openness.
Greg: Whatever.
 
Archie Johnson: Hmm. 'It shouldn't suck when two boys fight over you, but it does. Drummerboy19 won't be a man. And TorchX wants what he can't have. They both bug.'
Greg: Looks like a virtual love triangle to me. My guess isDrummerBoy19 is Marlon.
Archie Johnson: Well, TorchX responded to that. 'KiraEdge, you know I never give up.'
Greg: That could be a threat.
Archie Johnson: Let's see if this 'TorchX' has a real name.
 
Greg: Jordan Rockwell. I guess he values openness, too.
 
 
Brass: Mr. Rockwell, do you know this girl?
Jordan Rockwell: Yeah, sure. It's Kira Dellinger.
Brass: When was the last time you saw her?
Jordan Rockwell: Uh ... last night.
Brass: Hmm. Where?
Jordan Rockwell: At her place. We had s*x.
Brass: Nice. How did that happen?
Jordan Rockwell: We used to date in high school. Then we reconnected online, and, uh ... I came down to the campus to check out her band.
Brass: So she gave you a roll for old times' sake.
Jordan Rockwell: Well, I ... uh ... I kind of helped her out with a boyfriend problem.
Brass: Is this the problem?
 
Jordan Rockwell: Yeah. Yeah, that's the guy. He was ... uh ... he was into her, you know, but she ... she was not into him. And he started giving her static, so ... I knocked the little douche's teeth out. I guess she kind of liked it, because she took me back to her place after that.
Brass: Then what? I want to know everything up until the time when you wrapped your car around that telephone pole.
Jordan Rockwell: She fell asleep ... and then I started feeling sick, so I ... uh ... got my car to drive home. Then I got really dizzy and ... uh ... wham. That's it.
Brass: So she was alive the last time you saw her.
Jordan Rockwell: Wh-what do you mean, 'she was alive'?
Brass: She's dead.

 
Greg: According to Brass, officers at the crash scene suspected that Jordan Rockwell was under the influence, so the hospital ran a tox panel.
Sara: Positive for GHB.
Nick: Really? So this guy roofies himself along with Kira?
Sara: Did they share a drink?
Greg: Well, if they did, it wasn't in anything we tested. Hodges ran all the water bottles and soda cans we collected from the room -- no GHB in anything.
Nick: Wait a minute. I think I know what they shared.
 
Nick: Kira and Jordan had unprotected s*x, right?
Sara: Yes.
 
Nick: That means ... they both came in contact ... with this.

 
Hodges: Kudos to you. The lube was indeed laced with GHB. Not hard to do if you know a little chemistry.
 
Sara: Marlon takes chemistry. Hannah teaches it.
Nick: We know Marlon's fingerprints are on the lube tube. We know he was jealous. Maybe the GHB-lube was his way of getting back at her. You know? Give a drug-free girl a bad trip.
 
Hodges: Which became a really bad trip.
Nick: Yeah. But still, that doesn't conclusively put anybody at the crime scene.
Sara: There's one thing we have that does. We can get a warrant for this.

 
Marlon West: I'm telling you, I didn't kill Kira. I've never lied to you. Not once. You just never believe me. When I'm guilty, you want me to be innocent. When I'm innocent, you want me to be guilty.
 
Nick: Hey, you know what, Marlon? You can save it, ‘cause unlike most people, you're not going to get me to underestimate you. I already know you're every bit as smart as your sister, especially when it comes to creating confusion.
 
Nick: Open up.
 
Nick: Bite down.
 
Nick: Let it sit.
 
 
Hannah West: He didn't kill Kira. He cared about her.
Sara: Hannah, what makes you think that I would believe anything that you tell me?
Hannah West: I suppose I'm an optimist. College has been a difficult adjustment for Marlon, especially after we lost our parents.
Sara: I'm sorry about that.
Hannah West: You're not really, though. When will Marlon be able to leave?
Sara: Well, we're going to keep him here as long as we possibly can.
Hannah West: At least that's honest. It also seems a little vindictive. 
Sara: Given your brother's history, I think it's pretty sensible.
Hannah West: What's wrong, Sara? You're different than you used to be. You're angry. And a little sad, too. Why?
Sara: If you want to spend more time with your brother, I recommend you invest in a good lawyer, Hannah.


;
 
 
Nick: It's a physical match. Puts Marlon at the scene.
Sara: That's probably not enough to put him in jail.
 
Greg: I think I might be able to help you out there.

 
Greg: I found a Friend Agenda page for Kira and Marlon's band, the Death Crusade.
Nick: Seems like a lot of pictures for a college band.
Greg: Well, TDC, as they're called, has quite a solid fan base on campus.
 
Sara: Hannah was there.
Greg: Yeah. Marlon must've been thrilled. 
Nick: What guy would like having his little sister around to watch as he gets his ass kicked in front of his girlfriend?
Kira Dellinger: From now on, just stay out of my life, psycho!
 
Hannah West: Marlon, Marlon, it's okay.
 
Marlon West: Kira, don't do this to me!
Nick: So this new guy pops Marlon in the mouth, chips his tooth. Marlon's humiliated, decides to take it out on Kira. Kills her, then tries to make it look like a suicide, and in the midst of their struggle, his tooth fragment ends up in her fist?
 
Nick: What are you looking for now?
Sara: I'm not sure.
 
 
 
 
 
Grissom: What are you doing?
Sara: I'm just ... uh ... taking a closer look at Marlon's chipped tooth. Look at the orientation of the fragment in the mouth.
 
Sara: And now look at the way the tooth ended up in Kira's right fist.

Grissom: Looks like it's backwards.
Sara: I don't think Kira punched Marlon. I think Hannah picked up the tooth from a fight that Marlon had earlier in the evening. And I think she planted it on Kira.
 
Sara: That's crazy.
Grissom: It's possible.
Sara: This kid is spinning me in circles again.
Grissom: You know, Sara, some cases, some suspects can get under your skin. Like this tooth. But you can't let it make you feel bad. If you want, we can put Nick on this.
Sara: No. No, I ... um ... I need to finish this case. I'll be okay.
Grissom: Okay.
 
 
Sara: What is that in your hand?
Hannah West: I think it was a gum wrapper. It's wrong to litter.
Sara: It's a piece of a tooth—the one that Kira Dellinger's new boy-toy knocked out of Marlon's head.

 
Sara:  You had already spiked Kira's lube with GHB. All you had to do was wait.
 
Sara:  A piece of his tooth in her fist.
 
Sara:  A little bit of leverage. And your brother's a killer again.
Hannah West: That's a highly unlikely series of events. You don't expect me to confess to something I didn't do?
 
 
Sara: I am just putting you on notice. You are not fooling me anymore.
 
Hannah West: I think I know why you're so angry, Sara. I did some research. I read about what that serial killer did to you out in the desert, under that car ...
Sara: We're talking about you, Hannah.
Hannah West: It must've been so terrible being trapped like that all alone. Did your life flash in front of your eyes?
Sara: That is none of your business. 
Hannah West: You must've been so sad knowing that you were gonna lose everyone who mattered to you. 
Sara: Stop it, Hannah.
Hannah West: Look, I know how it feels. One moment my parents were alive, and the next they were gone.
Sara: Answer the question!
Hannah West: My life changed in that moment. All that I have left is Marlon. Why would I do anything to hurt him?

Sara: Stop playing games with me.
 
Hannah West: You're the one who's playing games.

 
Grissom: Hey.
Sara:  What are you doing here?
 
Grissom: I was going to ask you the same question. Listen, I'm worried about you.
Sara:  That just makes this worse. I-I can't talk about this right now. I can't.
 
 
Ronnie: You can call me anytime. Just stay in touch, okay?
Kim Jiminez: Okay.

Sara: What happened? Her husband attack her again?
Ronnie: No. She came involuntarily. It took some convincing, but she's agreed to go to a shelter.
Sara: She won't stay.
Ronnie: Maybe not. But at least now she has a chance. Look, I did it all on my own time, no OT. I know it's not the way you do things, but I think it's part of the job. At least, that's how I want it to be. For me.
 
 
Marlon West: Why would Hannah want to frame me?
Sara: I don't know, Marlon. She's your sister.
Marlon West: Hannah's always been kinda weird. But since the trial ... and after our parents died, she's started getting really weird.
Sara: Like how?
Marlon West: Really clingy, I guess. Always wanting to hang around with me.
Sara: And that changed when you met Kira?
Marlon West: Yeah. But not for Hannah.
 
Kira Dellinger: Get out of here, you little freak! Aren't you gonna get her out of here?!
 
Kira Dellinger: Oh, I hope you two are really happy together. Freaks!
Marlon:  After that, Kira said she was done with me.
 
Hannah West: Marlon ... don't be sad. She doesn't deserve you.
Marlon West: You're right. She doesn't. You want to help me teach Kira a lesson?
Marlon West: I asked Hannah to teach me how to make GHB, and how to get it into Kira. I just wanted to mess her up a bit. I snuck it into Kira's room a few days ago; I still had a key. Hannah must've made a copy.
Sara: I believe you, Marlon. I really do. But the only thing that a jury's going to see is your prints on the lube, your prints on the windowsill, and another dead girl.
Marlon West: Why is Hannah doing this to me?
Sara: I don't know. All I know is ... you don't deserve to take the fall for this. And the question is ... are you going to let your sister get away with this and spend the rest of your life in jail?
Marlon West: If Hannah wants me in jail, that's where I'm going to be. There's nothing I can do about it.
Sara: There is one thing.
 
 
Guard: One foot away from the bars at all times. And no contact, you understand?
Hannah: Yeah, I understand.

Marlon: Thanks for coming.
Hannah: The police said you needed me.
Marlon: Yeah, I do. I need to know ... what I did to deserve this.
Hannah: You killed Kira.
Marlon: We both know I didn't do that.

Hannah: You look a little flushed, Marlon.  Are you feeling all right?
Marlon: No, I'm not feeling all right.

 
Hannah:  Kira always brought out the worst in you.
Marlon: Hannah, they're going to put me away for the rest of my life.
Hannah: The evidence is against you, particularly given your history of violence.
Marlon: Please ... after everything I've done for you, after everything we've done for each other, at least tell me why.
Hannah: Because I love you.
Marlon: And I love you, too.
Hannah: No. You don't. But you will. I promise, I'll visit you every week.
 
Hannah: We're done.
 
 
Brass: Well, he gave it a shot, but she is way out of his league.
Sara: She's out of mine, too.
 
 
Sara: Hi.
 
Grissom: Hi.
 
Grissom: Okay, what's up?
Sara: I'm sorry. I've been ... uh ...

Sara:  I'll be right there.
 
 
Brass: Guard found him about an hour ago. Said he didn't even make a sound.
 
 
Hannah: You need to talk to me again?
Sara: I do. I know that you killed Kira Dellinger. I just can't prove it.
Hannah: That must be frustrating for you.
Sara: Hannah, Marlon's dead.
Hannah: Wow. That's a really sad and desperate ploy, Sara. It's beneath you.
 
Sara: He was doing well here, wasn't he? Making friends, joining a band, falling in love. But you're still a freak, just like high school.
Hannah: You're lying. No. This is a lie.
Sara: His world got bigger, and yours stayed the same, and you killed Kira so you could keep him all to yourself, didn't you?
Hannah:  It's a lie! No ... it's a lie! It's a lie! This is a ... lie!
 
Hannah: Stop it! Marlon ... he-he-he can't leave me all alone.
 
 
Hodges:  Look at this. I didn't think my results were inconclusive and that I'll just have to wait till I get the tox results back from Henry.
 
 
Grissom: Judy, have you seen Sara?
Judy Tremont: She left a few minutes ago, sir, but she did leave something for you.
 
Grissom: Thank you.
 
 
 
Sara:  Gil ... You know I love you. I feel I've loved you forever. Lately ... 

 
Sara:  I haven't been feeling very well. Truth be told, I'm tired.
 
Sara:  Out in the desert, under that car that night, I realized something, and I haven't been able to shake it. Since my father died, I've spent almost my entire life with ghosts. We'd been like close friends, and out there in the desert, it occurred to me that it was time for me to bury them. I can't do that here. I'm so sorry. No matter how hard I try to fight it off, I'm left with the feeling that ... I have to go. I have no idea where I'm going, but I know I have to do this. If I don't, I'm afraid I'll self-destruct, and worse, you'll be there to see it happen. Be safe. Know that I tried very hard to stay. Know that you are my one and only. I will miss you with every beat of my heart. Our life together was the only home I've ever really had. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Sara:  I love you.
 
Sara:  I always will.
Sara:  Good-bye.
