

 
 
 

 
 
Conrad Ecklie:  Have a seat.
 
Grissom:  This is Grissom.
Conrad Ecklie:  How's the arm?
Grissom:  Please leave a detailed message after the tone.
Sara: Fractured in two places.
 

Conrad Ecklie:  Gil, Conrad again. Um ... message number three. Call me back please.
 
Conrad Ecklie: It's feeling better?
Sara: Yeah.
Conrad Ecklie: Good.
 
Conrad Ecklie: So, you must know where he is.
Sara: Actually, I don't.
Conrad Ecklie: Really?
 
Conrad Ecklie: Okay ... um ... Look, I don't want to play any games here. This is as difficult for me as it is for you.

Conrad Ecklie: So let's just ... uh ... get this over with, shall we? 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Okay then ... uh ... this is an administrative inquiry. You and your supervisor were in direct violation of lab policy ...
Sara:  'Are.'
Conrad Ecklie: 'Are' in direct violation of lab policy, which states that members of the same forensic team may not engage in a romantic relationship. So when did you and Supervisor Grissom begin your relationship?
Sara: We've always had a relationship.
Conrad Ecklie: I mean, when did you become intimate?
Sara: Two years ago. I think it was a Sunday.
 
-- AND NIGHT TURNS INTO DAY – 

 
Det. Ezekiel Holstein:  Sagebrush Valley High School.
 
Ezekiel Holstein: The Cobras.
Nick: He looks like he could still be in high school. Boy, football's gotten a lot more brutal since my playing days.
Ezekiel Holstein: Yeah, where's the rest of him, still on the field?
 
Nick: There's no high school football fields around here anyway. What do you think, Grissom?
 
Grissom: 'Ichabod was horror-struck on perceiving that he was headless.'
 
Nick: Blood pool tells me the helmet must've been here for a while.
 
Grissom: Vehicle tire rolled through it. Helmet has black abrasions on it consistent with being hit by a tire.
Nick: Probably got pinballed down the road.
 
Greg: I checked with Traffic. No reports of any traffic accidents near here. Uh, Holstein's getting an absentee list from the high school.
 
Grissom: Head's over there. Blood trail leads up from here. We follow the blood.
 
 
Greg:  He say anything about what's happening with Sara?
Nick:  No.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nick:  Hey, did Sara ever say anything to you about her and Grissom?
Greg: Not in so many words.
Nick: So you knew about the two of them?
Greg:  Yeah.
 
 
Grissom: Hey!
 

Nick: Where's the uniform?  If he's not a player, what's with the helmet?
 
Greg: Maybe he's a rabid fan. There were all kinds of high school games last night.
Grissom: Where's his hand?
Nick:  Got to be around here somewhere.
 
 
 
Robbins: The hand -- where did you find it?
Nick: Twenty yards away, two hours later.
 
Robbins: David, he doesn't look prepped. What's taking so long?
David Phillips: I can't get the helmet off.
Nick: I better get this ten-card to Mandy right away.
 
 
Robbins: Hold it.
 
Robbins: His face looks like hamburger.
 
 
David Phillips: I found the same black powder on his clothes.

 
Nick: Hey, Mandy. I got a ten-card on our John Doe.
Mandy: Well, let's see if it matches the safe-kit that Holstein brought in. Only have one more kid unaccounted for at that high school.
 
Nick: Hey, if you had a kid, would you collect a safe-kit on them?
Mandy: Why not? It's better to be prepared. Think of it as a cheap insurance policy.
 
Mandy: It's just a print card, a cheek swab and a photo.
Nick: Then go to bed every night hoping you don't have to use it.
Mandy: Mm ... well, there's a match. Your John Doe is Vincent Bartley.
Nick: Yeah?
Mandy: Yeah.
 
Nick: Okay, good. Thanks.
 
Mandy: You're welcome.
 
 
Shasta McCloud: Well, nothing. I mean, it was dark.
April Kissimee: It was really dark.
 
Warrick: One minute we're married, and the next ...
Catherine: You know what? Good for you. Divorces should be like Band-Aids, one quick yank and done.
 
Warrick: You think?
Catherine: Oh, what do I know? Eddie and I stayed together way too long. Every decision was an act of Congress.
 

 
Brass: It's the end of an era, ladies and gentlemen. Hampton Huxley, publisher of Hux magazine -- where boys became men, and men became more manly -- has died. 
 
Brass: That magazine got me through Vietnam.
Warrick: Oh, that would explain the lookers out front. They were Kitties.
Brass: Yes, Kitties, indeed. He was dining with a couple of them when he bought the farm. Miss Summer and Miss Winter, I believe.
David Phillips: Every male in the Phillips family gets a lifetime subscription to Hux for his Bar Mitzvah. 
 
David Phillips: I guess my sons will have to settle for a Cross pen.
Catherine: I'm sure the magazine will go on without him, Dave.
 
Catherine: What are we looking at?
David Phillips: Puncture wound. Um ... no abrasion ring. But I can re-approximate the skin.
Catherine: So it's probably not a gunshot.  Stabbing?
David Phillips: Maybe. Right through the temple, into the brain. Be lights out in seconds.
Warrick: It's a crowded restaurant. Somebody must have seen something.
Brass: Not exactly. Welcome to the latest fad. Dining in the dark.
 
Brass: Waiters are blind. No one sees anything. Piece of cake, huh?
 


Catherine:  Did he just leave?
Warrick:  I think so.
David Phillips:  Guys? I-I have a dead body here.

 
Pippa Sanchez:  Dining should be an experience, like opera or art. It should feed the soul as well as the belly. You should smell it, touch it and let it rest on your tongue. 
Pippa Sanchez:  I'm selling sensuality here. I encourage eating with your hands. Texture is crucial. The salty, meaty flesh of lobster drenched in creamy, clarified French butter. The pulpy seeded flesh and firm skin of a fresh fig dipped in honey. The tongue understands four major taste groups – 
Pippa Sanchez:  -- salty, sweet, sour, bitter -- and has over 10,000 taste buds, -- 
Pippa Sanchez:  -- each with a direct connection to the pleasure center of the brain, triggering endorphins. The anticipation and the release of eating good food is chemically quite similar -- 
 
Pippa Sanchez: -- to getting high on drugs.
Brass: And apparently just as dangerous.

Brass: So tell me what happened.
Pippa Sanchez: I don't know. Each one of the waiters has one of those clickers. If there's an emergency, the houselights come up and a red light goes off in the kitchen.
 
Woman: Somebody help! WOMAN: Help! Help him!
 
Pippa Sanchez: Are you okay?
April Kissimee: Hux!
Pippa Sanchez: Call 9-1-1.
 
Brass: Oh, so you didn't see anything?
Pippa Sanchez: I'm in the kitchen. I have two sittings a night, at 7:00 and

 
Catherine: April was here ... and Huxley was here.
 
 
Warrick: Okay. Got blood on the chair.
 
Warrick: Blood on the tablecloth.
 
Warrick: Blood drops on the floor, leading away from Hux's chair.
Catherine: Stab him. Extract the weapon—drip, drip, drip.
Warrick: And they end here.
Catherine: Near Ms. Shasta.

 
Shasta McCloud: Shasta McCloud -- big 'M,' little 'c,' big 'C,' plus 'loud.'
McCloud.
April Kissimee: On TV, they never show anyone bleeding from a heart attack.
Brass: Is that what you think happened?
April Kissimee: Well, yeah. I mean, all that Prevalis and diet soda. I just figured ...
Shasta McCloud: April, shh! He was an animal until the day he died, sir.
Brass: Uh-huh.
April Kissimee: Wait a minute. What did happen?
Brass: Well-well, you're the one with blood on you. Maybe you can tell me.
April Kissimee: I thought he just fell asleep like he always does at the end of meals.
 
April:  Come on! Wake up, Huxey.
 
April:  Wake up, Huxey. Wake up, Huxey-Hux. Come on, it's time to go. Meow, meow! Meow, meow!
 
April Kissimee: Waiter! Emergency!
Shasta McCloud: April? April, what's wrong?!
April Kissimee: Call 9-1-1! Help!
 
Shasta McCloud: April! April!
 
Michael Bowie: Michael here.
April Kissimee:  Code red!
 
 
Shasta McCloud: Help! Help us!
 
 
Brass: Okay. Um, look, I'm going to need to take your sweater.
April Kissimee:  Yeah, like I haven't heard that one before.
 
Brass: No. No, I don't mean right now. No, I mean, I... I'll need to take it before I go. You know, later, when I, when I leave, I have to take your sweater then.

 
Nick: Mr. Bartley?
 
Matt Bartley: Matt. I'm Vincent's brother.
Nick: I'm... Nick.
 
Nick: Stokes. Uh ...
Matt Bartley: You don't need to say it. I knew when the detective asked me for that safe-kit that it was going to be Vinnie.
Nick: Shouldn't I be talking to your parents?
Matt Bartley: Don't have any parents. Mom skipped out when we were little, and Dad died a couple years ago. It's just the two of us.
 
Nick: Matt ... your brother wasn't on the football team, but when we found him, he was wearing a football helmet. Why is that?
Matt Bartley: It was my old helmet.
Nick: Is that how you got injured?
Matt Bartley: No. It was the last day of spring break, and ... I was wasted. Like a dumb-ass, I dove into the Tangiers wave pool headfirst. Fractured my T-1 vertebra.
Nick: So why the helmet?
Matt Bartley: Well, I was a pretty good football player. He was proud of that. That and my dad's dragon belt. He got it when he was in the service. Vinnie wears it every day. It's just something that he has to hold onto ...  ...to deal with.
Nick:  Yeah.

 
Catherine: You know, one of these could've been the murder weapon. It's approximate in size and shape. And everybody had one.

 
 
Warrick: Well, something dripped over here that is not blood.
Catherine: Well, could've been whatever food was on the skewers. ALS will pick up anything that's fatty or dairy-based.
 
 
Warrick: Could you turn off the lights for a second?
 
Catherine: I'm sorry, but this is a stupid idea for a restaurant.
Catherine: I need to see what I'm eating.
 
Warrick: I can see just fine.
 
Catherine: Where are you?
Warrick:  Oh.
 
Catherine: Hi. Warrick: Hi.
 
Catherine: Night vision goggles?
Warrick: Yeah, someone left these behind. 
Catherine: Kind of defeats the purpose of dining in the dark.
Warrick: Unless you don't come here for the food.

 
Warrick: Mr. Nivens. Are these yours?
 
 
Warrick: I'll take that as a 'yes.'
 
Jerry Nivens: Wait, wait ... I didn't kill anyone.
Warrick: Then why would your bring military-grade, night vision goggles to the restaurant?
 
Jerry Nivens: A hunch.
 
Jerry Nivens: Hey. Sweetheart, you want to try some of my steak?
 
Mona Nivens:  No, thanks. I'm all good.
Jerry Nivens: Always be suspicious when your wife wants to dine in the dark with another couple.
Mona Nivens: You brought night vision goggles to spy on me during dinner?
Jerry Nivens: Damn right.

 
Hodges: Millions of tires wear out ever year. You ever wonder where all that rubber dust goes?
Nick: No, I don't.
Hodges: The black powder trace you found in your victim's clothing was tire rubber.
Nick: It's not surprising. We found the body on the side of the highway.
Hodges: Of course you would expect that. However, I did find some very interesting type of rubber.
Nick: Okay, Hodges, dazzle me.
Hodges: Truck tires have 27% isoprene and 14% neoprene. That's what makes them so hard. Passenger tires have a lower isoprene-to-neoprene ratio, but they also have silica for fuel economy and wet traction.
Hodges:  Go-cart tires, or 'slicks,' – 
 
Hodges: -- to those in the know, have much higher levels of carbon black and oil, resulting in extremely high traction.
Nick: Guess I better get my go-cart on.
Hodges: You know, just so you know, I'm a bit of go-cart enthusiast myself.
Nick: Oh, uh ... that's awesome.
 
 
Greg: Have you seen this guy before?
Christin Gillis: Day before yesterday, day before that, and the day before that. Oh, man, did he get in trouble?
Greg: Are these the race stats?
Christin Gillis: Uh-huh.
Greg: You keep record of them?
Christin Gillis: Yeah, all in here. People ask for them every day like they're some sort of trophy.
Greg: Could you print out Vincent Bartley's trophy from the last time he was here?
Christin Gillis: Yeah. But I'm not getting him in trouble, am I?
Nick: No. No, not really.  You know, when I was a kid, we used to make these things out of lunch trays and old lawn mower engines.
Greg: When I was kid, I used to make bombs--little bombs.
 
Greg: Oh. 'Vinnie Vroom.' Won all three of his races. Beat out a guy named 'Hot Rod.'
Christin Gillis: Vinnie ran circles around him.
 
Vinnie Vroom: Yes.
 
Vinnie Vroom: Yes. Yes, is that all you got? Is that all you got? Is that all you got? Is that all you got?
 
Vinnie Vroom: Is that all you got? Is that all you got?
Christin Gillis: Rodney went from being A-Rod to being No-Rod.
 
Christin Gillis: Hey, there he is, right there.
 
Hot Rod: Aw, come on. Hey, if you guys want to race, then you guys have to wear dresses, huh?
 
Hot Rod: Get your skill up, all right. I need some competition here.
Nick: Hot Rod!
 

 

 
 
 

 
 
Nick: Get out of the truck! Get out of the truck now!
 
Nick: Get out of the truck now!
 
 
Nick: Nothing says 'I'm guilty' like running from the cops, dumb-ass. Give me his wallet.
 
Nick: Rodney Banks. We're with the Vegas Crime Lab, Mr. Banks.
 
Rodney Banks: Hey, I didn't do nothing.
Greg: You got quite a mess here, Rod. Mind if I take a look?
 
Nick: Where'd you get that belt?
Rodney Banks: I don't know.
Nick: Where?
Rodney Banks: I don't know.
 
Greg: Blood. Looks like things just got a lot hotter for you, Rod.

 
Catherine: All skewers accounted for, none of them bloody.
 
Catherine: We've got a high-profile dead guy in a locked-room situation, with sixteen diners and three blind waiters. Give me something.
Warrick: How about a Band-Aid with petals?
 
Catherine: It's not a Band-Aid. It's a nipple flower.
Warrick: What's it doing at a table with four guys?

 
Man 1: Can I go to the bathroom? Please, please, please?!
Brass: Again?
Man 1: Yes, sir.
Brass: Yeah, okay.
 
Brass: Okay. What's so funny?
Orange Shirt Manducci: We slipped a laxative in his beer in the dark. It's his sixth trip to the can. It's freakin' hilarious.
Brass: What are you guys, like twelve years old? Oh, hey, hey, Curly. How come you're so pretty in pink? Huh?
 
 
Orange Shirt Manducci: Breast exam.
 
Orange Shirt Manducci: You know, doctors without boundaries, if you know what I mean.
 
Orange Shirt Manducci: You guys, come here. It's total darkness. There's two Kitties. That's four ... They're all up for grabs! I'm going on a mission of mercy.
 
April Kissimee: Who is that? Hux? Stop it. Save it for later.
Hampton Huxley: What are you talking about?
April Kissimee: That's not you, Hux?  Somebody's touching me!
Orange Shirt Manducci: Sweet mother. Guys, they're real -- both of them!
Hampton Huxley: Waiter? Waiter, we have a problem over here.
 
Michael Bowie: Yeah, I lead Mr. Manducci back to his seat. He and his brothers had had quite a bit to drink.
Brass: So it was the blind leading the drunk, huh?
Michael Bowie: I could do it with my eyes closed.
Brass: Well, did you, did you hear anything unusual?
Michael Bowie: No. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. Until the woman in the fuzzy dress shrieked. I found Mr. Huxley slumped forward. Checked for a pulse, and he didn't have one, so I turned on the emergency lights. Then she really screamed. Is she pretty? She had a pretty girl scream.
Brass: Oh, man. She's a Huxley Kitty. She's gorgeous. 
 
Brass: Hey, uh ... Let me ask you something. Did you wash your hands?
Michael Bowie: Force of habit; I'm sorry. Waiter.
Brass: Okay, we're going to have to take your prints, okay?
Michael Bowie: Sure. 
 
Brass: We're going to walk, straight ahead.

 
Warrick: Looks like there was some kind of struggle.
 
Catherine: Sticky.
 
Warrick: What do you think it is?

Peter Ellis: Honey? The detective needs to ask us some questions.
 
Nanci Katz: Hi, Nanci Katz. Soon to be Ellis.

Brass: I'm Jim Brass. Yes. So, what happened, Nanci?
Nanci Katz: Oh, um ... ask him.
Peter Ellis: Oh ... uh ... well, I-I thought it would be romantic ...
 
Nanci Katz:  Mmm. I have not ever tasted a fig this juicy.
Peter Ellis: Oh, they're so good.
Nanci Katz: Mmm.
Peter Ellis: It's like they're, it's like, it's better than the Newtons.
 
Nanci Katz: Mmm. It's so much better.
 
Peter Ellis: Oh, God!
Nanci Katz: Baby, are you okay?
Peter Ellis: Yeah, um ...
Nanci Katz: What happened?
Peter Ellis: Yeah. Uh ... a thing ... I'm ... uh ... okay.
 
Michael Bowie:  It's Michael here. Is ... is everyone all right?
 
Peter Ellis: Oh ... uh ... yeah. Michael, I'm just ...  I'm trying to get something going here.
Michael Bowie: Oh, no problem, sir. I'll leave you two alone.
Peter Ellis: Okay.
 
Peter Ellis: Uh, baby, where's your ...
Nanci Katz: Yeah?
Peter Ellis: Where's your hand?
 
Peter Ellis: Ever since I met you, I've known I wanted to ask you this question.  One, two, three. Would you be my wife? Will you marry me?
 
Nanci Katz: Yes! Yes.
 
Nanci Katz: Oh, my gosh. I can't even see it, but it feels big. The ring, I mean.
Peter Ellis: Sure, yeah.
Nanci Katz: Yes! Yes!
 
Brass: Oh. Congratulations.
Peter Ellis: Thanks.
Brass: So how'd you bump your noggin?
 
Nanci Katz: It was dark; nobody, could see. I wanted to say yes.

Nanci Katz: Loud and clear? There's a lot of metal under those tables.
Peter Ellis: There really is, yeah.
Nanci Katz: Way too much.
Peter Ellis: It's not safe.
Brass: I bet.
 
Holstein:  Losing the race was just the beginning.

 
Holstein: Then, you killed him. Cut his body up and dumped it on the side of the road.
Rodney Banks: Whoa, man. I swear I didn't kill anybody. Or I didn't cut anybody up or dump 'em. All I did was ask him for a rematch ... off the track, where it really counts.



 
Rodney Banks: Yeah!
Nick: So your statement is he just spontaneously lost his head?
Rodney Banks: Yeah. You know, one minute, he's staring at me. The next, I look back, and the Headless Horseman is driving his cart.
Nick: And then what happened?
Ezekiel Holstein: So why you just didn't ditch the carts?
Rodney Banks: Christin, that ... that girl at the track, she let us sneak out with them. You know, my life was turning into a horror movie -- I didn't want to bring her in on it.
 
 
Conrad Ecklie: You've been dodging me; it's time to talk. 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Gil, nobody wants to hear about your love life less than I do, but since you didn't handle this right, I have to take a formal statement. 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Should've been a conversation between friends. I mean, we could've found some way around this. Catherine could have done Sara's evaluations. Why didn't you just tell me?
Grissom: We didn't want you to know.
Conrad Ecklie: Don't most women like the world to know they're dating someone?
Grissom: Where do you get your information about women, Conrad?
 
Conrad Ecklie: Okay, so, when did you two, you know?
 
Grissom: Nine years ago.
 
Conrad Ecklie:  You know what? You two need to get your stories straight.


;
 
 
Nick: There's road gravel embedded in all these tires.
Greg: Yeah, but no visible blood on that one.
 
Greg: Got a worn area on this front bumper. Some brown trace. Same goes for the rear of that one.
 
Nick: Well, if it turns out to be leather, it would confirm Hot Rod's story that he towed the second cart back using Vinnie's belt.
Greg: Got what looks like ... blood on this wheel well.
 
Greg: This is the victim's cart. Must have been movin' when his head popped off.

 
Robbins: Well, another one for the scrapbook. Boy, he looks different without hair. Never knew he wore a toupee.
David Phillips: Oh ... uh ... it had something sticky on it, so I bagged it for Trace.  But if you want, we could put it back on for the photo op.
Robbins: No, that's okay; let's get to cutting.
 
Robbins: Embedded horizontally in the parenchyma of the right temporal lobe is a linear, silver-toned, metal tube that tapers to a point. And in this case, David, the pen may be mightier than the sword.
 
 
Brass: Okay.
Shasta McCloud: Okay, that pen's not mine.
Brass: Yeah. Nice try, sweetheart.
 
Shasta McCloud: Excuse me. Can I be Lucy Logic for a bit? First of all, that purse is designer. There's no way I'm ruining it with ink.
 
Shasta McCloud: Second of all, I know where my bread is buttered. Hux was my meal ticket -- kill him, go hungry.
Brass: Unless you're in the will.
 
Shasta McCloud: Kitties don't get in the will. Besides, if I had touched that thing, wouldn't I have ink on my hands?
Brass: Hmm.
Shasta McCloud: Whoever did it ditched the pen in my bag. It was on the back of my chair the whole time. It could have been anyone.
April Kissime: What about the guy who assaulted me?
Shasta McCloud: Look, if you really want a suspect, you need to check out little Miss Chef Lady.
Brass: Little Miss Chef Lady? Why is that?
April Kissime: Hello.
Shasta McCloud: Duh, she's ... Winter Issue? 1995.
 
 
Brass: You certainly weren't hiding anything back then. Hmm?
 
Brass: Ms. Sanchez, according to your fellow Kitties, you and Huxley had a falling out. It's curious that you didn't mention that.
Pippa Sanchez: I didn't mention it, because it's ancient history. Twelve years ago, a misogynist told me I should eat less. And today, I now have a hot restaurant on the Strip and two contracts for spots in LA and Chicago. 'Food Seduction' is a best-seller. I think I won that battle already.
Brass: So, did you and Huxley speak to each other last night?
Pippa Sanchez: His reservation was booked under a pseudonym. I didn't even know he was there. Mr. Brass, do you know why I started my restaurant?
Brass: No. Tell me.
Pippa Sanchez: Because I fell in love with a blind man. He would turn off the lights and feed me. When you deprive one sense, other senses are heightened. My only focus was on my tongue. It was brilliant. And then he died. And this restaurant is an homage to him—to our love affair.
Brass: How nice for you. 
Pippa Sanchez: I don't mean to be crude, but a murder is, quite frankly, bad for business.

 

 
 
 
Catherine: Hey.
Warrick: Hey.
Catherine: So, Huxley had honey on his hairpiece, ink in his brain and blood all over. There were three people who had honey on their hands: the frisky couple and Michael. Two people who had blood on their clothing: April and Michael. And there was a total of five people moving around the room: two Manducci brothers and all three waiters. Now, that's a lot of lists for Michael to turn up on. He does work there, so there's reason for it, but ...
Warrick: Well, there's no reason for this: Michael's print in ink, on a napkin.
 
Catherine: What would he have against Huxley?
Warrick: His prints hit back to an old work card. The guy used to be a chef.
Catherine: A blind chef?
Warrick: He lost his sight a few years back. But before that, guess who was his sous-chef?
 
 
Catherine:  'The man knew his way around a kitchen, and his way into my heart. Michael would spend hours teaching me, feeding me ... loving me.'
Brass: So, you're the dead guy?
Michael Bowie: She seduces me, steals my recipes, my ideas, my investors. And then she hires me as a freaking waiter. Night after night, I listen to her tell stories of the tragic love affair, of the poor, dead blind guy. Last night, I finally confronted her. 
 
Michael Bowie: I deserve a piece of the action.
Pippa Sanchez: At $200 a head, you're clearing at least $1,000 in tips at night. That's a lot of action for a blind man.
Michael Bowie: I made you.
Pippa Sanchez: You're fired. We're done.
 
Brass: But why kill Huxley? Why not just her?
Michael Bowie: I'm blind. She's not. But in that dining room, everybody else is blind, too. And when Huxley walked in with his Kitties, it was like a sign from the gods. I knew I could destroy her and the restaurant.
 
Michael Bowie:  I waited till the oyster course. The shells clanging, and slurping, the 'oohing,' the 'aahing, I knew it would cover any noise I was going to make.
 
 
Michael Bowie: I wanted her rotting in jail, eating bologna sandwiches.
Catherine: If you wanted to frame Pippa, why did you plant the pen in Shasta's purse?
Michael Bowie: I tell everyone to put their purses and jackets on the back of the chairs, so I knew exactly where her purse was.
 
Michael Bowie: Old cat frames young Kitty. Kind of perfect.
 
 
Greg: We found high velocity blood spatter inside the rear wheel well of the victim's cart, which means he lost his head at high speed.
Nick: So how did Hot Rod decapitate Vinnie while racing down a highway at 60 miles an hour?
Grissom: Maybe he didn't.
Greg: Well, people's heads just don't fly off for no reason. Well, I mean, maybe we should check the scene for some wires or branches, or something he could've run into.
Nick: If it would've happened that way, we would've found trace from whatever did it. The only trace in the neck and arm wounds was rubber from truck tires.
Grissom: Which was present on both sides of his wounds but not on his clothing.
Greg: There were blown-out tire fragments all over the road.
Grissom: But we found his body off the road. There shouldn't be any transfer from truck tires.
 
Grissom: Unless ...
 
 
 
Conrad Ecklie: What's going on here?
Grissom: We're trying to determine whether a steel-belted truck tire can decapitate a kid driving a go-cart.
 
Conrad Ecklie: I thought that was an urban myth.
Grissom: Myths, legends, tall tales -- they all come from something real.
Nick: If that go-cart was going 60 miles an hour drafting a truck going the same speed, and that truck blows a tire, sending a two-pound projectile into the driver's neck ...
Conrad Ecklie: Yeah, the combined speed of impact would be 120 miles an hour. Which is about ...
Greg: 962 foot-pounds of energy.
Grissom: All right, let's go, fellas.
 
Grissom: Come on, Conrad. There's always room for Jell-O.
Conrad Ecklie:  It's expensive Jell-O.
 

Greg:  I love this.
-- then sends it through the rolling tires.) 
 
 
Conrad Ecklie: Well, it worked. See if we can't reuse some of that.
 
 
Grissom: When did you tell Ecklie we got involved?
 
Sara: Two years ago. Why? What did you tell him?
Grissom: Nine years ago.

Sara: The Forensic Academy Conference?
Grissom: Yeah.

Grissom: You ... uh ... had too many questions about anthropology, for some reason. 
Sara: Well, I was stalling. I was trying to get the nerve to ask you to dinner. 
Grissom: You had a ponytail.
Sara: I'm going to move to swing.
Grissom: We talked about this. 
Sara: I know that you said that you would do it, but I don't want to do that to the team. Besides ... I am sure that I could use more daylight in my life.
 
Sara: We should go.
Grissom: Yeah.
 
 
 
Nick: Whoo!  You ... uh ... you want a ride?
Sara: Wish I could.
Nick: What about you, Ricky Bobby?
Grissom: No, thanks, I like to watch.
Nick: Okay.

Sara: You should go.
Grissom: Yeah?
Sara: Yeah, you should go.
Grissom: Okay.
