
Warrick: I already told you, yes.
Warrick: Are you guys writing any of this down? I first met Candy in the parking lot of the strip club. Later on, I talked to her inside.
Warrick: Three hundred bucks, but that was because it was part of an investigation.
Warrick: Yes ...
Warrick: No, I'm off them.
 
 
Greg: Dispatch said body at a dump.
Nick: Yeah, this is definitely not the city dump.
 
Sam Vega: Nick? Greg?
 
Sam Vega: Kids were out here drinking beer, found the dead dogs. Patrol unit came, responded and found the female DB.
 
David Phillips: Looks like animal bites on her arms and legs.
 
David Phillips: No purse or ID.
Nick: Okay, Dave, let's see what we got.
 
Greg: Whatever bit her must have been at it for a while.
Nick: Yeah, maybe. But I doubt they tied her up and beat her.
 
Nick: Check out the contusions, ligature marks.
 
Greg: Disposing of animals like this is illegal. Whoever dumped the vic must have known about the site from dumping dogs.
Nick: Yup.  It looks like he's moving up the food chain.
 
 
 
 
David Phillips: Hey.
Catherine: Hey, could you do me a favor? Um, bring me one of the swabs?
David Phillips: Sure. What's up?
 
Catherine: There's some white trace on the soles of her feet. You were at the scene. Did you happen to notice any white material that might have transferred?
 
David Phillips: Maybe. I can't say for sure. I mean, there were dead dogs and trash all over the place.
 
Catherine: Hmm. Excuse me.
David Phillips: Sorry.
Catherine: Would you help me remove her dress?
David Phillips: Sure.
Catherine: Let's just roll her.
 
Catherine: That look like a needle mark?
David Phillips: I'll send samples to Tox.
 
Joanna 'Candy':  You like trouble, you ... 
Warrick: That part was personal.
Warrick: Have you guys bothered to call the motel? I checked in with a credit card. I checked out around 5:00. I called a cab. Talk to the cab driver. When I woke up, Candy was gone. When I got back to the club to pick up my car, she was dead.

 
Warrick:  No-o-o!
Warrick: Listen to me. I did not kill her. But I know damn well who did.
 555-0127
 
Brass: What's this?
Lou Gedda: Candy's mother's phone number. 
Brass: Her parents have already been notified.
Lou Gedda: Candy wrote it down for me last night just before she died. That's why she came back to the club after her shift. Her mother was pressuring her to quit. Candy wanted me to call her, give her the talk. It's exotic dancing, not stripping. Show business.
Brass: Did you make the call?
Lou Gedda: I don't get involved in family business, but I thought it might help your investigation.
Brass: How's this going to help me?
Lou Gedda: How should I know? I'm just trying to be a good citizen.
 
 
David Phillips: Hey, Doc.
Robbins: Hey.
David Phillips: I heard your band killed last night.
Robbins: Really? Who'd you hear that from?
David Phillips: My wife's second cousin. Works in the mayor's office for the budget and finance director. He was at the country club. Grooved to your moldy oldies all night.
Robbins: They're classics.
David Phillips: Sorry.
Robbins: So ... uh ... people were talking about me?

David Phillips: What did I do?
Robbins: I know her.
David Phillips: Her name's Elizabeth Rodriguez. She and her husband Felix were honored last night by the Nevada Enterprise Association. Humanitarians of the Year. They opened that outreach center in the Alphabets. They were dancing right in front of me.

 
Robbins:  She and Felix were very philanthropic. I admired both of them.
 
Sam Vega: Did they leave the party together?
Robbins: No. He left first.
Sam Vega: Do you remember what time that was?
Robbins: Sometime between 'Louie Louie' and 'You Really Got Me.' 
Sam Vega: Could you be more specific, Doc?
Robbins: Well, it was just before the end of our third set. We broke at 10:00. Just before that.
Catherine: And she stayed?
Robbins:  For a little while.
Robbins: I didn't see her after that. Guess it was around 10:30.
Sam Vega: And the kids called in the dead dogs around 2:00.
Catherine: So, that's a three-and-a-half-hour window.
Sam Vega: I'll talk to the husband. I'll keep you posted.
Catherine: Thank you.
 
Catherine: Can you tell me anything about these bites?
Robbins: Definitely perimortem. Right around time of death.
Catherine: So, it's unlikely it's coyotes.
Robbins: No.
 
Catherine: Are you going to be okay with this one?
 
Robbins: I'm just not used to seeing them alive.
 
 
Sam Vega: You went home without your wife. Why?
Felix Rodriguez: I hate dry chicken and small talk. And more than anything, I hate dancing. So, I went home, and I passed out on the couch. Next thing I know, you guys are banging on my front door. Where's Liz? 
Sam Vega: Do you always leave your wife on the dance floor?
Felix Rodriguez: Liz is out every night at some charitable function, saving the world. We have a deal. If I make an appearance, I get to duck out early.

 
Felix Rodriguez: You know what? I've done my time. I think I'm going home.
Elizabeth Rodriguez: All right, well, don't wait up for me.
 
Felix Rodriguez: Mmm.
Elizabeth Rodriguez: And I'll miss you.
Felix Rodriguez: Look, if you don't tell me what's going on, I'll need to talk to my lawyer.
Sam Vega: Your wife was murdered last night.
 
Felix Rodriguez: What?
 
Sam Vega: Mr. Rodriguez, this is CSI Sanders. He's here to take your fingerprints and your clothes.
 
Greg: Please stand up.
 
Felix Rodriguez: What?
Sam Vega: Mr. Rodriguez, stand up.
Felix Rodriguez: I want to see my wife. 
Sam Vega: When we're finished here, we'll talk about it. Stand up, please.
 
Felix Rodriguez: I didn't kill her. I loved my wife.
 
 
Brass: You should have put him in your car and driven him home.
Grissom: I have to trust the people I work with, Jim.
Brass: Look, Warrick's a loose cannon. We both know that. He was in Gedda's strip club ... 
Grissom: He was off the clock.
Brass: ... conducting his own police investigation.
Grissom: He's very passionate about this case.
Brass: Yeah, passionate enough to sleep with the vic who ended up dead in his car. Look, I know Warrick didn't have anything to do with it, but he needs to back off. Guys like Lou Gedda -- they don't skip on murder and extortion by being lucky.
 
Grissom: What does that mean? You think Gedda's got 'friends' inside the department?
Brass:  Well, unlike Warrick, I don't make accusations until I have proof.
 
 
 
 
Warrick: Hey, Grissom.
Grissom: Did you talk to IA yet?
Warrick: Yeah. They cleared me. They didn't seem to have much interest in Gedda.
Grissom: That's because it wasn't about Gedda. It was about you.
Warrick: It's everything to do with Gedda. Sending me a message. Murders an innocent young girl because I got too close to them. I want this case, Gris.
Grissom: I hope you know that's not gonna happen. You're in the rotation as of tomorrow, so go home.
 
 
Hodges: The white flaky trace on your victim's feet was permethrin, an insect repellent, also used in flea dips.
Catherine: Mmm. She was found with a bunch of dead dogs. What about the husband's tux?
Hodges: No flea dip, no dog hairs, no blood. Just a little bit of champagne and some underarm deodorant.
Catherine: You just exonerated our only suspect.
 
 
Hodges: So how crazy was last night? You. Me. Dinner?
Wendy: Mm-hmm.
Hodges: I thought the Syrah was quite nice.
 
Wendy: Yes, and thank you for offering to split the check. My date really appreciated it.
 
Hodges: Oh, no problem. Let it be known, that I am nothing if not a gentleman.
 
Wendy: Why were you at a restaurant like Nob Hill by yourself anyway?
Hodges: The Golden Rule. Always treat yourself the way you would like others to treat you.
Wendy: That's not exactly the rule.
Hodges: What are you working on?
 
Wendy: The Elizabeth Rodriguez homicide. She had bite marks on her with saliva in them, and the saliva turned out to be canine, and anytime a dog is impounded in a criminal case, its DNA is collected and profiled.
 
Wendy: It's just like CODIS.
Hodges: DODIS.
 
Wendy: Anyway most of the cases in the database are gang-related. But I figured, well, it's worth a shot.
Hodges: Well, that'll look good on the old Grissom point meter.
 
Wendy: It's protocol.
Hodges: I'm just saying, be careful: no one likes a kiss-ass.
 
Wendy: Really?
 
 
Wendy: Hey, Nick, have you seen Catherine?
Nick: Yeah, she got another call-out. We're a little bit shorthanded right now. What's up?
Wendy: The canine DNA database got a hit on the saliva. It's a pit bull named Hannibal.
 
Nick: Confiscated during a drug raid at a gang house three months ago.
Wendy: And then held at Del Santos Kennel until he was released to his owner, Gino Aquino.
Nick: A member of the D Street Killers. Rodriguez Outreach Center is on D Street.
Wendy: Well, you do good work in that neighborhood, and you're bound to piss off the DSKs.
Nick: Maybe enough to want her dead.
 
 
Nick:  Go see everyone's ID.
 
Gino Aquino: Fine, do your cop thing and don't tell me nuthin'.
 

 
Gino Aquino: Go ahead, look around all you want.
Sam Vega:  Keep an eye on him.
 
Gino Aquino: My dog ain't here. You arrested him with me a couple months ago. I never got him back.
Sam Vega: Well, Mr. Aquino ...
 
Deena Aquino: Quítese los zapatos!
Nick: Lo siento pero esta prohibido.
Sam Vega:  Look, you or any of your homies hang out at the Rodriguez Outreach Center?
 
Gino Aquino: Yeah, right. A bunch of rich people trying to feel good about themselves. They should just give us the money.

 
Nick: I thought you said your dog's been gone for a couple months now.
Gino Aquino: Yeah, check the police report.
Nick: Then why do you have a bowl of fresh water for him out in the shed?
Gino Aquino: In case he comes back.
Nick: And the leashes?
Gino Aquino: I'm still in mourning.
Nick: What about the treadmill?
Gino Aquino: You crazy? I bought that for her.
 
Deena Aquino: Eh, no me metas en esto.
Gino Aquino: Callate, ya! Do I need to tap my defender?
Sam Vega: Tell him to meet you downtown.
 
Gino Aquino: Voy a la carcel porque estas muy ocupado comiendo y no limpias.
 
Deena Aquino: Mm-mm, como porque tu no llenas mis necesidades emocionales, okay?
 
Deena Aquino: Ah, pegame. Vas a ver. Vete de aquí!

 
Felix Rodriguez:  So I'm offering a $100,000 reward for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of my wife's killer.
Felix Rodriguez:  I will not rest until the murderer is caught and brought to justice.
Henry Andrews: I know government employees aren't eligible for reward money, but I think we should at least get a small percentage.
Catherine: It's called your salary. What have you got?
Henry Andrews: Possible COD on Elizabeth Rodriguez. Overdose.
Catherine: Phenytoin and pentobarbital. An anti-epileptic and a sedative hypnotic?
Henry Andrews: In combination, they're used to euthanize animals.
Catherine: Dog bites, mass dog grave, euthanizing solution. Well, those drugs are controlled substances, so their sales should be registered.
Henry Andrews: Already put together a list of the buyers in the Las Vegas area.
 
Catherine: Del Santos Kennel.
 
Catherine:  Yeah, Nicky, where are you?
 
 
 
 
Nick: Elizabeth Rodriguez.
She was friends with the owner. She bankrolled the place. Her old man's rich.
 
Catherine: We need to see your controlled substances; any records you have on a confiscated dog named Hannibal; and I'll have to print everyone who works here.
All right, no problem. The owner's got the key to the cabinet. His name's Steve Card. He's just down the hall.
 
 
Catherine: Anybody else have access?
Steve Card: Uh, no, I have the only key.
 
Catherine: Are you a licensed veterinarian?
Steve Card: Vet tech.
Catherine: Oh, I didn't realize that techs were allowed to perform surgeries.
Steve Card: Not on live animals, but once the dog dies I can harvest the organs. I sell the hearts to research labs doing heartworm studies.
 
Steve Card:  It's a rescue kennel. Most the dogs who come in are problematic, aggressive. Most don't make it out.
 
Nick: Mr. Card, I'm going to have to ask you to step outside. We'll get your statement.
 
Catherine: What do you think that is?
Nick: I don't know. But the pattern on these restraints is consistent to ligature marks on the victim.
Catherine: There's a hidden camera in the medicine cabinet pointing right at it. It's an awful lot of blood.
 
Nick: Long red hairs. Hmm. I don't think these came from a dog.


;
 
 
Tommy Halpert: Wait, what is he being arrested for?
Nick: Murder.
Tommy Halpert: Who got murdered?
Nick: Mrs. Rodriguez. Do you have any idea what that contraption's used for in the back storage room there?
Tommy Halpert: Um, I'm not allowed back there. I just pick up the poop and walk the dogs.
Nick: Mm-hmm. It says here you released the dog back to its owner, but Mr. Aquino claims he never got Hannibal back.
Tommy Halpert: That's not true. I was here when he picked Hannibal up.
Nick: How many dogs you got here?
Tommy Halpert: Like 47 right now. 
Nick: I'm gonna need to collect saliva samples from all of them.
 

Tommy Halpert: Most of these guys are pretty jacked up.

Nick: Ooh, yeah, looks like he's been in a few fights.
Tommy Halpert: Yeah, most of them have. 
 
Tommy Halpert: You can go ahead. He's not gonna bother you.
 
Nick: Must get pretty tough working here, huh?
Tommy Halpert: Yeah, you try to make a difference. I spent some time in a cage, so I know what it's like.
 
Tommy Halpert: Yeah, you're a good boy. You're a good boy.
 
Tommy Halpert: It's okay, boy. It's okay.
 
Tommy Halpert: Oh, yeah.
 
 
 
 
Warrick: You got any print results from off my car?
Mandy: Should I be talking to you?
Warrick: Yeah, I've been cleared.
Mandy: Well, no, actually all I got so far are your prints.

Mandy: Wait, I got something.
 
Warrick: I know that guy.

 
Warrick: Hey! I just want to talk to you.
 
 
Warrick: His name is Richard Dorsey.
 
Grissom: You know, you keep pursuing this, you're going to end up suspended.
Warrick: Dorsey's prints were found inside my car under the broken window.
Grissom: Well, that's consistent with him putting the body in your car.
Warrick: Grissom, he's a homeless guy. He lives in the alley behind the strip club. Don't you get it? He's Gedda's fall guy. This is a frame job.
Grissom: Okay, I'll have Brass check it out. You stay out of it, though.
 
 
Catherine: We've got the victim's blood and hair at your kennel. She died of an overdose of the same drugs that were found in a medicine cabinet that only you had access to.
Sam Vega: If I were you, I'd save my money and start talking.
Brad Lewis : Are you acting as his lawyer now?
Catherine: Mr. Card, I found this hidden camera in the exam room. Where's the receiver?
 
Steve Card: I don't know anything about this.
Sam Vega: Did you forget about the camera when you killed Elizabeth Rodriguez?
Steve Card: I didn't kill Lizzie. She was my business partner.
Brad Lewis : I'm advising you to stop talking.
Steve Card: It's not your ass. I'm a victim here.
Catherine: How do you figure? It was on the morning news that Lizzie was dead. And when I came into work ...
Catherine: So instead of calling the police, you cleaned up the crime scene.
Sam Vega: That makes you an accessory.
Brad Lewis : He was afraid for his life.
Steve Card: Nobody cheats the D Street Killers out of 50 Gs and lives.
Catherine: You cheated them out of $50,000?
Steve Card: Not me. Lizzie.

Steve Card: We banked 50 Gs. I bet Gino's getting sick of losing.
Elizabeth Rodriguez: It never fails.
 
Elizabeth Rodriguez: When I fight a dog, I fight to win.
Steve Card: Lizzie was the #1 dog fighter in all of Vegas. That drove Gino nuts 'cause he was like this close to knocking her off the top spot.
Sam Vega: You seriously want us to believe that Mrs. Rodriguez, humanitarian of the year, was into dog fighting?
Steve Card: Oh, she was no Mother Theresa. But, see, she'd still be alive if she wasn't a dirty dog fighter. That rub, it made the other dog sick.
Catherine: Gee, I hate to see the sport tainted like that.
Steve Card: Why do you think she gave money to my rescue kennel? She didn't even like dogs, but fighting them, that was in her blood. Passed down from her daddy, who taught her the whole family business.
Catherine: Okay ... what is this?
 
Steve Card: It's a ... it's a breeding stand. The sport has a high mortality rate, and.. uh..combative bitches won't breed without a fight. So we have to tie them down to consummate the act.
Catherine: The victim was tied to that stand.
Steve Card: That's sick.
 
Brad Lewis : My client's willing to give you everything.
Catherine: What's 'everything'?
Brad Lewis : My client cleaned up the scene, but he didn't dispose of the evidence.
 
Brad Lewis : We can also give you Gino Aquino.
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Sam Vega: LVPD! Policía! Freeze! Nadie se mueve! Manos arriba! 
 
Sam Vega: Hands in the air!
 
 
 
 
Gang Member: I give up! I give up!
Officer: On the ground, now! 
 
Officer: Freeze!
 
Sam Vega: Don't even think about it. Let me guess. You found your dog.
 
 
Nick: Hey, what's going to happen to all these dogs now?
Animal Control Officer: They'll have to be put down. Law says they're dangerous.
Nick: And the people who turn them into killers, they just get away with a slap on the wrist, huh?
Animal Control Officer: It's not illegal to train them to fight.
 
Nick: Well, it should be.
 
 
Homeless Man: Get away from my house.
Grissom: Sorry.
 
Officer Mitchell: Grissom. All these guys know Dorsey. This is where he lives.
 
Grissom: Hey, Mitch.
 
Officer Mitchell: Richard Dorsey! Time to wake up. You're under arrest.
 
Officer Mitchell: Meth head. No weapons. He's clean. All right, let's go.
 
Nick: It looks like a like .25 caliber. That's friendly fire. Thanks, Doc.


Gino Aquino:  My arm ain't never gonna work right again. I'm gonna sure all your asses.
Nick: No, no, no, it was a .25 caliber slug they pulled out of you. It means it was one of your boys.
Gino Aquino: It was probably some cop's backup.
Nick: Yeah, that's probably it.
Sam Vega: Ya basta, Gino. We have a witness who says you killed Elizabeth Rodriguez because she cheated you out of 50 Gs.
Gino Aquino: Let me guess: you been talking to Steve Card. Little screamer. That finger's pointing the other way. Lizzie had cojones. I loved that woman. I respected her. You never cross Lizzie, she'll cut 'em off. But Card, he thought he had that immunity idol 'cause he worked for her.  Tonto.
 
Elizabeth Rodriguez: You cheating little bitch. You been doing this all night?
 
Elizabeth Rodriguez: If I ever catch you cheating again, I will feed your heart to that dog.
 
Elizabeth Rodriguez: That last fight wasn't on the up. Next dog's not right either. You forfeit.
 
Gino Aquino: Without her, he was nobody. She was a bad bitch. That's your motive. Anything else you need help with?
Nick: Tell me about all the dead dogs I found down the Silverado Wash. Were you the one that tortured them? Made them fight? And when they died, were you the one that threw them out with the trash? Hmm? Was that you?
Gino Aquino: I thought this was about Lizzie.
Sam Vega: One way or another, Gino, you're not going to see the streets for quite a while.
 
Nick: You know, there are two things a jury can't stand: people who abuse kids and people who abuse animals. So buena suerte.
 
 
Catherine: Classic he said/he said.
Nick: Steve Card was the only one with access to the drugs and he admitted to cleaning up the crime scene.
Catherine: There's no forced entry at the kennel. He has no alibi.
Nick: And why would he give us all of Elizabeth's personal effects? You know, I'm starting to get the feeling the guy's not really all that smart.
Catherine: He has a good lawyer. Realized that we were onto his client and wanted to throw us off the scent.
Nick: Well, maybe Gino's telling the truth.
Catherine: Problem is, we don't have enough evidence to convict either one of them.

 
Greg: One pair of woman's shoes, size 7, silver. Swabbed a blood sample from the instep of the right shoe, sent it to DNA. One woman's handbag, also silver.
 Contents include one tube of Superla Red lipstick #36 ... one mirrored compact ...

Greg: ... one set of keys holding four -- no, five keys --one Mercedes key, one Schlage brass key.

a) Car key w/ alarm
b) Brass colored cabinet key-#6128
c) Silver colored mailbox key
d) Blue colored house key.
 
 
Greg: Steve Card was lying when he said he was the only one with the key to the drug cabinet. Elizabeth had one, too.
Nick: Means the killer could have used her key.
Greg: Got a print.
 
Nick: Hey. We ... uh ... we can't really talk to him yet. He's still waiting for his lawyer.
Nick: Hmm?
Nick:  So you knew about this?
Nick: Okay.  Okay, so what's this guy's story?
Nick: So he's got a history of violence. You think he killed Mrs. Rodriguez?
 
 
Tommy Halpert: I did the best that I could.
Tommy Halpert: And I told you what they were doing to those dogs and I gave you all the tapes.
Tommy Halpert: But they had the fights in different places. I mean, she never told me where they were, s-so ...
Nick: Tommy, did you kill Elizabeth Rodriguez?
 
Nick: I, I could understand if you did. A whole lot of people that would say she had it coming.
 
 
Tommy Halpert: You know, I've been on the streets ... in juvie. I've seen people do some bad things to each other, but those dogs, like ... you can beat their brains in and, like, a minute later they come up to you just wagging their tails.
Nick: I know, man. That's how they are. I always had dogs growing up. Did you?
Tommy Halpert: No, I never had a pet. My mom was allergic.
Nick: No, but you really cared about those dogs at the kennel. Now, I know. I saw the way you treated them.
Tommy Halpert: Do you know how they train them?
 
 
Tommy:  They'd run them till they dropped.
 
Tommy:  They'd strengthen their jaws.
 
Tommy:  Then, they would feed them little dogs, sometimes cats ...
 
Tommy:  ... just to give them the taste of blood.
 
Tommy:  And I showed you what she did and you did nothing to stop her.
 
Nick: No. No, but you did.
 
Nick: Didn't you?
 
Tommy Halpert: She was fighting dogs. All right, she was ... she was killing dogs in the ring for money week after week. And the city decides to give her an award? I gave her what she really deserved.
 
 
 
Tommy: Go on! Go on! Go on! 
 
Tommy: Go get her! 
Tommy Halpert: At least I had the decency to euthanize her before I threw her to the dogs.
 
 
Catherine: Well, you don't look like a guy who just got a confession.
Nick: Oh ... something's still bugging me. If Mr. Rodriguez hadn't left the party, Elizabeth might still be alive.
Catherine: You think he would have gone to the kennel with her?
Nick: I don't know, but he received a phone call from somebody that night that made him leave his wife.
Catherine: Check the phone records.

 
Sam Vega: Mr. Rodriguez. Tienes tiempo?
Felix Rodriguez: Detective Vega, Mr. Stokes. Did you catch the man who killed my wife?
Sam Vega: Yes, sir. Tommy Halpert. We have him in custody now.
Nick: Hey, witnesses at the party said that you received a phone call the night of the murder and then you just left. We know that phone call was from Tommy Halpert.
Nick: What'd you two talk about?
Felix Rodriguez: Tommy said if I didn't speak to my wife that night, he would ... 
Nick: Speak to your wife about what?
Felix Rodriguez: The dog fighting. He showed me the tapes.
Sam Vega: What did Elizabeth say when you confronted her?
Felix Rodriguez: I didn't.
Nick: So you just left her there, knowing that Tommy was going to come after her?
Felix Rodriguez: Violence begets violence. Is that all?
Nick: You let this happen. You did.

 
Brass: Hey, you still with me, Richard?
 
Richard Dorsey: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Brass: Remember her?
 
Brass: She worked at Pigalle.
Richard Dorsey: They all look the same to me.
Brass: No, they don't. There's blondes, brunettes, B-cups, D-cups.
Richard Dorsey: How about a cup of coffee, huh? Hey, you got a cigarette I could bum off you?
Brass: It's bad for your health. How about a diet soda?
Richard Dorsey: Diet? No. No diet. I need the ups.
 
Grissom: Where did you get this?
 
Richard Dorsey: Where's the soda?
 
Brass:  Hey, it's a two-way street, Richard. You answer the questions, we'll get you a soda.
 
Richard Dorsey: Yeah. Uh ... I found it. That's it. I found it.
Grissom: No, you didn't.
Richard Dorsey: I didn't?
 
Richard Dorsey: Damn. Okay. Uh, yeah, I stole it. That's right. I stole it.
 
Joanna 'Candy': Hey! Give me my purse! Give me my purse!
 
Joanna 'Candy':  Help! Somebody!
Richard Dorsey: I needed money.
Brass: Then what happened?
Richard Dorsey: I got high.
Brass: Then what?
Richard Dorsey: I got high again.
Brass: Then what? Did you kill her?
 
Grissom: We found her purse and the bloody murder weapon in the place where you were sleeping. We found her dead body inside this car.
 
Brass: Why'd you pick that car, Richard?
Richard Dorsey: I don't know what you mean.
Brass: We found your fingerprint inside the car.
Richard Dorsey:  No, that wasn't me. Tha-tha-that w ... that was them.
Brass: Who's them?
Richard Dorsey: I c ... I can't talk no more.
 
Warrick: Come on. Tell the truth.
 
Brass: Get him out of here.
Richard Dorsey: Not you.
Warrick:  Tell the truth.
Richard Dorsey:  This is all your fault.
 
Warrick:  We'll take care of you. We'll get you into rehab. Come on.
 
Richard Dorsey:  There is no truth!
Warrick:  Tell the truth!
Richard Dorsey:  THERE IS NO TRUTH!
Brass: Get your -- 

 
Grissom: Hey! As of right now, you're suspended for two weeks.
Warrick: Grissom, you and I both know that Gedda killed that girl and pinned it on that bum. They gave him drugs, got him high, and planted the evidence. You just got to give me a chance to prove it.
Grissom: You've had all your chances. You take the suspension or you're fired.
Lou Gedda:  Good work.
