... Cool-looking office. It was kind of fun being out in the field. Pulling drives, collecting evidence ... flashing I.D. I think I got a flair for it.
Not bucking ... nudging. You know people put their lives on these hard drives?
Wow! Serena. Can defrag my hard drive anytime.
Yeah?
In Classic, TNG, DS9, Voyager or Enterprise?
... Or were you thinking about Farscape?
It doesn't matter. Look, I got something to show you here. I found this on Anders' computer.
No, it's actually an FRPG: 'Fantasy role-playing game.' You see, players use avatars to represent themselves in a fantasy world. There's Serena, Todd, and Kwan in this alternate universe conjuring up a gateway, which summons a beast-like Anders, who decapitates Kwan.
Mm-hmm.
You first.
Well, you were right. Kwanspy. On every employee's computer. Program runs in the background, invisible. Copies documents, e-mails, every keystroke. 
Company owns a network, company owns what's on it. Sick, but legal.
Nick, based on these time stamps, everybody in that office was working when Garret Kwan was killed.
Well, modern recording's all digital. Each track's recorded in a separate data file. By looking at the file modification times, we can approximate which tracks were recorded near the time of the shooting.
Let's see, well ... only two tracks were laid down during that time interval. '7:41: Acoustic guitar ... 10:38: Drum track.'
There's the kit drum.
Yeah. Right here. A sudden change in amplitude.
Yeah.
I'll play it again.
Let me take out the drums.
Feels like an engine. V-twin, maybe. Must have been somebody else there. You think we got a witness?
Is that our guy? 
Phone company unblocked all his private numbers for us.
Yeah.  On the left side of the screen are the outgoing calls. On the right, the incoming. What time did the movie start?
Last outgoing call your vic made was at 10:38. 555-0110. Twenty-six seconds.
Yeah, but 555-0110 was the number that called him three times in a row:
Dr. Robbins was that accurate with the T.O.D.?
There was gunfire?
Huh, double feature.
Pitch, speed, volume -- They're all different. It's not even close.
There's no distortion.
Whoa-ho!
Ultimate power. I could program this bad boy to make me a cup of coffee.
Well... this remote control's got plenty of juice, but ... the board's clean, no scoring.  You know, if I had my choice about how I was going to go out, it would not be electrocution. I think an aneurysm in my sleep-- quick and painless.
From what?
Electrocution through the phone line? I thought that was a myth.
You good on your end?
Good. 
Yeah.
Yeah.
We've ruled out the fan and the chair. Can was in his left hand, so ... the point of entry must've been somewhere else on his body.
Quite the bash.
They must love kids.
Is that Ernie's son?
Hmm. Don't look like a very happy birthday.
Cake never made it on camera.
It sucks. '80s video cam with built-in, non-directional mic, pulls in nothing but wind and train noise.
This is processed.
Yes. Found the owner of that cell phone.
Nope. Sheila Latham.
If that's your boyfriend, if that's your boyfriend ... 
Looks like the metal connectors got pretty gacked up by the stomach acids. Let's see if it still downloads.
Ah, we're in luck.
I'm guessing that's your missing basketball player.
You know, hang on, I can give you one voice comparison right now.
Oh, Sheila. So does that make her a victim or a suspect?
The only reflective surface in this whole frame is that cabinet.
I'm thinking it's two faces.
Only time I can see it is when the light hits it.
And some dude.
I ran the names of all the victims. This article's the only common link.
This could definitely bait a killer. The only thing missing from this is their address.
Lewis Greyburg wrote the article.
Figures you'd know a showgirl. Take it you've seen her dance, then, huh?
The older types of cameras only take stills. They take them sequentially for twenty seconds any time a passenger door is opened.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, so he's looking at her. Looks down. He's looking for something. He looks up.
Yeah.
Gus's cab is equipped with a new camera. Video, not stills, motion-activated.
I can't see Dru's cab, so Gus must have rear-ended him when he was stopped.
Well, got part of your killer.
So what do you want to do now?
Well, why'd he stab him? I mean, it's not like he put up a fight.
You think that guy in the back would be an easier target.
Yeah, he was paranoid, but lazy. He had four security cameras on his house; three of them were cardboard boxes. Homemade security is the worst. Okay, so the nephew comes in and out of the house a couple times during the day.
It's a whole different story next door. Okay, this guy comes out of the house and meets with a different car at least three times an hour.
Oh, hey, Gris. I was just looking at footage from the next-door neighbor's, the night the package was delivered.
Never underestimate the Neighborhood Watch.
I don't see a delivery truck.
Most of Cody's calls were to a number in Durant, Oklahoma.
All other calls were to PBR staff and to Tiffany.
Well, they're a little more interesting. Check out ... last night.
A dozen calls after midnight from Eric Hong.
You know this guy?
The only thing I found on the surveillance tapes was this. 
Well, here's where it gets a little weird.
If he owns the place, he must have known about the surveillance cameras. Right?  Why would he let himself get caught on tape?
Yeah, got it over here.
Maybe.
Well, he's a head taller than that window.
That's definitely not a guy you want to go home with. That cocktail waitress doesn't know how lucky she is.
Well, I think he knows that.
'Hargreen Harvest.'
Well, Tangiers sent over more than twelve hours on this guy. It's gonna take some time, but of course I'll let you know the minute I find anything.
Guy kept his head down the entire time.
Oh, check out what happens when he runs out of money. He starts hitting on the waitress, been doing it to every one of them that walked by.
And this ... is the last good image of him before he leaves the casino. He stops to look at this poster and quickly makes a phone call.
So, why was he so interested in this poster?
Look at this.
South Point Casino, just outside Boulder City. Might be a reason he went there.
17-41-33.
Well, we know this guy likes his waitresses. So maybe that's what he's looking at.  Is that a 'D'? No. 'G,' 'G-I-R'... 'N'? 
Maybe that's what pissed him off.
