Hikers found her. Looks like a gunshot to the head.
No.
How old are those creepy crawlers?
Oh.
I ID'd her body through AFIS, and located her husband.
You know, I'm not even going to ask.
Well, the neighbors heard a gunshot at their apartment five days ago. The 'grieving' husband ... 
... his name is Scott Shelton.
Yeah, in New Orleans soaking up the gumbo. You told us. When was the last time you saw your wife?
And you didn't think to notify the police?
So this neighbor lady who told me that she heard a gunshot and a woman scream inside your apartment ... what, she just imagined that?
Three complaints against Scott for spousal abuse in the last two years.
Looks like your gun's just been cleaned.
No bullets missing here. 
Bullets missing here, though.
Come on. 
The neighbor puts him in the apartment five days ago. You tell me she's been dead five days and a jury is going to jump all over that coincidence.
Good luck.
This is good. Admitting to prior abuse to cover up actual murder.
So, you planning a little late-night luau? Roast pig?
I thought your bugs never made mistakes.
So it took longer for the insects to get in there?
Well, let me ask you this. You killed a pig just for this?
I mean, wouldn't a rabbit be easier?
Yeah, I've been saying that since I was a rookie. You're on your own pal.
To a degree. You know ... in a general way.
You know, I been waiting three days to do this. No, make that five days. Let's go.
Well, if it isn't the boss himself! Where's your E-street band?
Ah, I can sling scum all day long. You?
Oh, yeah? Well, wait. The shopping cart's over here. The missing woman is Margaret Shorey. Lives with her sister. Went out to get groceries; never came home. Car's still in the parking lot.
Maybe she left the purse as a marker.
Sister broke her wrist in a car wreck.
Junk-food junkie.
Oh, that's sanitary.
What are you doing?
Oh, man ...
What?
See what?
All I see is a clean door.
So my guys tell me that your guy Nick is helping a working girl at a five-star and it was quite a commotion.
And if I know, it means a lot of other people know. People bigger than you and me. A kid from a crime lab doing favors for a hooker can't make the unit look too good, huh, boss?
I bet that's just what Nicky said.
That kid over there started to take a leak.
Found the body.
In this heat?
You can keep the pen as a souvenir.
Hey, hey, hey.
Two cheeks on the car. There you go.
Here you go, bubba.
Police! Step away from the truck, put your hands on the back of your head! Keep your hands in sight! 
Get out of the truck! 
Step away from the truck. Put your hands on the back of your head.
Don't make me ask you twice. Move! Hands on the back of your head! Hands on the back of your head!
Left hand on the wall, right hand on the wall. Check him for weapons.
It's all yours.
Okay. All right, listen. The first one of you lowlifes can name that tune gets to make a deal. Hmm? The difference between the chair or life in prison. So ...
Cuff him.
Hey, hey, hey ... Where is she?
What's this? An anonymous package from county lockup?
Yeah, well, hey, just a second. Wait a minute. Give an innocent bystander a chance to clear out, will you?
With any luck it'll be the next episode of G-String Divas.
That's an arson case -- a few months ago. The DA is asking for the death penalty.
An innocent man. Jail's full of them.
Yo, cousin. 
I'm going to save you some gas here. I did some checking on your pal Damon.
Eyewitness saw him running from his burning house. Inside was his wife and kid. Now, wife's a big spender. Maxed out on the credit cards. They just bought the place and already he's late on the payments. Couple's always arguing about money. No surprise.
Maybe he didn't mean to. Maybe he needed the insurance dough and things got out of hand.
Well, I got something for you on that, too. Gasoline found in the master bedroom closet.
Did you skip the page with Damon's credit card receipts? Guy bought a gallon of gas a week before the fire.
Read my lips. There is no compelling evidence to suggest Damon was wrongfully charged.
We're all clear to go in, but here's what we got. Couple of head wounds. Elderly guy had his arm torn off. The only fatality so far is Jake Richards, a security guard. Body's still inside.
How big you think this bomb was?
Sure.
How did you learn so much?
So what, you just, uh, blow up bombs and study them?
Someone died in that office building.
All right. 
Don't you love the smell of sulfur in the afternoon? You might want to go and take a tour of Dominic Kretzker's house. I tracked down the sale of SnoozeWell clocks. Nine hundred twenty-six credit card purchases in the last three months in Clark County -- seven to Dominic Kretzker of Prairie Road.
That your scanner?
Want to show us that clock of yours?
Look what I found. Sulfur. You blow up any bombs recently?
You keep your key piece of evidence that could nail you?
Well, that's cute.
We called you. We left word.
Well, maybe so but you're under arrest. Put him in the car.
Well, vultures never sleep, huh?
Sound familiar? Tell you one thing: If he's guilty, he's putting on one hell of a show. 
Bad news. Another Fourth of July.
Thrift Right Car Rental on Flamingo. Ten minutes ago.
So, the manager was working the lot when he heard the blast. Fatality was on the check-in line and died on the way to the hospital. 
No. No one heard anything.
Norman Stirling?
The bombing of the thrift-right car rental and the bombing of the Hansen Building.
You were let go by ThriftRright last year, and lost a court battle to get your job back. In fact, they filed a TRO against you for throwing furniture around their headquarters last July.
Good. You can call him from the car. He can meet us at the PD. Take him in. Come on, let's go.
Tyler, were you aware of your father's lawsuits against thrift-right car rental?
What does 'FP' stand for? It was etched into both bombs. 
I'm Detective Jim Brass -- Las Vegas Police Department. Are you Mrs. Bennett?
Mrs. Bennett, everything is all right. We're just going to ask a few questions down at the station.
Yeah, that's a lot of years. Maybe a few too many for the missus.
How did you guys do?
Just the murder weapon.
Cleaned, in the widow's garage.
Well, because someone killed your husband, Mrs. Bennett ... and was strong enough to wield an electric saw to do it.
Why didn't you report him missing? Were you used to him leaving or did you fight much?
Oh, sure, Mrs. Bennett, sure. Just sign this form please.
I called that whistle-blower's line at the local treasury office. You know, the one that handles social security fraud? They were happy to help.
The signature's the same till seven months ago. Q.D. Matched the lady's writing. Mrs. Bennett, you've been cashing your dearly departed's checks, haven't you?
So now it's suicide?
I don't know. You're the lab guys. What is the evidence telling you?
Ah. Well, 'when faced with evidence that can equally exonerate or implicate a suspect', we must 'as objective interpreters of that evidence ... side with the defendant.' Tie goes to the runner.
Okay, then. I guess I'm out of here. I'll go start my paperwork.
Maybe thirty years ago when she was the headliner at the Lido de Paris.
Look around you.  This is going to take all nigh
Excuse me for a minute.
Hi. Well, I got the horsepower on everybody here. 99% of the people know nothing, saw nothing. Big surprise.
Well, according to her friends she's been romancing some young stallion for over a month. She's in love. She's cruising the Mediterranean on some yacht, eating cheese cubes. Got a couple watching the house. Apparently, she often takes in strays. Mr. and Mrs. Haynes, this is Gil Grissom and Catherine Willows. They're from the crime lab.
You need an oil well in your backyard to belong to that place.
You can say that again.
Sheriff?
Every half for me.
Yeah, uh ... hi. 
I just have a few more questions about the whereabouts of Mrs. Richmond.
So, let's, uh ... let's just take baby steps. Where is she?
And if someone wanted to reach her?
Yeah.
That's funny. I was just here a couple days ago.
Before my time.
Yeah ... um, looks heavy.
Hey. We got the whole place clocked. Keeping an eye on the Haynes couple. Sheriff doesn't want them skipping town.
What are you, a couple of kleptos?
A $5,000 stole your wife stole? What, are you guys in business?
Is that kind of like the guy who, uh walks out of the auto mall with a nissan sentra in his pocket?
Just answer the question.
You saying that she lifted it?
Where you been?
Sheriff getting your ass, eh? Well, I just hit megabucks. Austin PD has five aliases for Chad Matthews. 
Tom Sheridan, wanted in Beacham County. Petty theft, check fraud. 
Warner Drysdale, wanted in Sacramento. Grand larceny, car theft. 
Guy took a car for a test drive ... never brought it back. Jock Jasper-
Yeah, and organized, too. The Denver PD sent me copies of his journal. Guy kept lists of rich women all around the country. Logged in all their vitals. Height, weight, how much money they have, you name it. Guess who was on that list.
Okay, you can pick up the tab. Let's keep talking about motive.
Maybe he thought it was the Sheriff, and blew it off.
'Moes.' I'm rubbing off on you.
Or whoever.
The cheese, brother. Maybe that 1.6 mil they raised at the charity event that night.
I don't know, but if Lacey Duvall hadn't been murdered Patrick Daynes reinvents himself becomes another Skippy in another state, $1.6 mil richer.
I hate going out to lunch with you CSIs. You notice everything.
On behalf ... of the State of Nevada my apologies. You've been cleared of all charges.
But ... on behalf of the State of Texas you're under arrest. You're being extradited for the murder of Lana Grimshaw.
Oh, right. She's incommunicado.
You're both under arrest for the murder of Portia Richmond.
Here's what I know so far. Victim was a well-dressed woman, young, black. She's at Desert Palm Hospital multiple gunshots to the head possible sexual assault. Doctor has her as 'death imminent.'
Silk or lace, something like that. Definitely not denim.
Canine voodoo.
You want to explain that caveat?
Hey. This is, uh, Detective Sam Vega from the gang detail. He's here to give us information on 23rd street. This is Gil Grissom and Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
Okay, Nick, ready to burn some shoe leather? Some old-fashioned police work? What do you say, huh?
So, Tony, where were you two nights ago?
You mind if we look at those? We got some scrubs for you to wear.
That's why we're asking Tony to volunteer ... with your permission ...
No, ma'am, it's the law. We're working this case as a murder.
Joseph Felton, 44. Not an employee; no reason to be here.
No. 
Burn marks?
Hmm ...
Three hundred and something, small bills.
Yeah. Hey, Nicky, you paged me?
Yeah.
I see where you're going. So Hanson gets out of jail, hooks up with our dead guy.
That's not bad. Any chance you guys found the murder weapon?
Darin ... you and Felton, you go back, huh?
Where were you this morning early A.M.?
We can't hold him.
So we're looking at a split personality?
Is there any scientific evidence that supports this disorder?
Revenge for a kidnapping 21 years after the fact?
Maybe, uh, Miss Mirror-has-two-faces is playing us for fools. We corner her with the evidence, she goes nuts sets the groundwork for an insanity plea.
Yeah?
Well, this ought to be interesting.
22 bus tickets bought with your credit card to 22 different states? You made sure that we couldn't track her. Now, that's aiding and abetting the flight of a suspected felon.
Well, if she's apprehended, yes. Otherwise it's a felony. You're going to jail.
Frankie? 
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
They had dinner at Andre's. Coroner's assistant has his wallet with the credit card receipt.
Saved five bucks, cost them their lives. Carjacking gone bad.
Never?
Oh, man ... 
It's a quiet street, weeknight. Neighbors heard the commotion. Kid over here, he had the only view.
Hey, Warrick. Is Grissom around?
You know between you and me, as long as I've been on the job I still don't like touching dead bodies.
wow.
You're getting more like Grissom every day, man.
Yeah. A patrol car located the Shepherds' SUV.
The car is registered to our dead couple.
Unless you're joyriding.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Just the rain. The evidence on the outside of the vehicle will be compromised.
What's that?
What's she doing here?
Hmm.
Yeah, I know. You know, I ... I can't believe you messed up the crime scene.
Mmm. Going to bother you all day.
Jessica Hall. Date of birth -- 8-5-73.
Cell phone, power's off. Didn't call 9-1-1. They would've instructed her to leave it on.
Yeah, so?
Maybe she's like 28% of Americans -- she doesn't buckle up.
I'll go radio the 4-19.
We need to know the make of that knife.
I got a cop question. What are we looking for here?
Yeah.
Not so fast, Nicholas. P.D. traced a call Shepherd made to Jessica from Andre's restaurant.
Yeah, right. Try not to kill too many people.
Yeah. I'm going to run Jessica's cell phone records and Shepherd's. If anything was between those two we'll find out.
Stay here, fella.
Bad karma. Jessica and this Shepherd guy had been phoning each other day and night for the past two years. What does that tell you?
And there's more. On the night of the murder, after Jessica got off the phone with shepherd, she made a call.
So Jessica hired her ex-husband to kill her boyfriend's wife.
Oh, I bet I can tell you that conversation.
Makes financial sense.
Jessica took the car. You hid in plain sight, offering aid to the victim.
Timmy. 
The Shepherds -- to the world they looked like the perfect couple.
They can be deceiving?
Welcome to the caffeine wars. I got four dead, one on the way to the hospital. The kid who belonged to those headphones.
One behind the counter. One in the back room.
I bet you do. Who doesn't know Frankie Flynn? Used to own the Orpheus. Lost his gaming license a couple of years ago.
Yeah, you got that r
This is Al Robson -- Frankie Flynn's bodyguard.
Till's full, and all the wallets are accounted for. I don't think anyone was interested in the, uh, cash ... or the coffee.
Maybe. Frankie drives a bulletproof car. What does that tell you?
Make that five. Guy died on the way to the hospital.
Yeah. Nine bullets, all the same caliber. Looks like Robson never got a shot off. I wouldn't want him as my bodyguard.
Sure.
Okay.
This one?
I'm Detective Brass. Catherine Willows. Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
They didn't make it.
Guess who used to sign Brad Kendall's paychecks six years ago?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Brad, thanks for coming in. We just got a few more questions.
So you used to work for Frankie Flynn?
Sit down. Sit down.
Did you see him outside the coffee shop?
We'll need to see the weapon and any spare ammo.
I got a ton of people out interviewing every two-bit stiff that ever had a beef against Flynn. They're all doing the smart thing -- keeping their mouth shut.
You know something I don't know?
Would you like us to explain the mechanics of s*x in the workplace?
You had the power. Happens all the time.
I've got a court order.
Brad Kendall, you're under arrest for the murder of Frankie Flynn, Al Robson, Roy Hinton, Alice Neely and Erin McCarty.
I have a teenage daughter. So, no, I don't know what you mean.
Whoa, whoa. What, you start the party without me? That could get dangerous. Thomas Pickens?
I got a court order. These rides stay in Vegas and you're coming with me.
You know, the thought never crossed my mind. Come on.
Yeah, but it's limited in scope. The boyfriend's an attorney so we can't toss the place.
Here's a warrant. Where's your bedroom?
{unintelligible}
More like a four.
...Sleepy hollow.
What does that mean?
Can we offer you girls something to drink?
You want to tell us why two college freshmen were driving a stolen BMW with a head in the trunk?
You know what I think? I don't think you two are murderers. I think you're just felony stupid. But, for now, you're being booked on evading arrest, grand theft auto, DWI. You go with this officer here.
Whoa. Who are you, pal?
I'm Jim Brass. Homicide. This is Gil Grissom. Crime lab. Does a Victor DaSilva live here?
In the middle of the night? Back up, Slick. We got some bad news.
So when was the last time you saw Victor DaSilva with his head attached?
So he worked for an ad agency. What else did he do for a living?
What about you? I mean, besides painting walls.
Yeah. You know, you don't seem too shook up about DaSilva's death.
Well, I hope you got paid in advance. 
Found a picture of Victor DaSilva and, uh ... somebody.
Cut out.
Why are we in the closet?
Hmm.
Mr. Calloway, would you mind coming in here, please? 
Manager spotted the blood during a night sweep. 
Want to know who the shed reregistered to? Victor DaSilva.
It ain't gorilla.
You had access to victor DaSilva's house?
You own a gun? I don't mean a paint gun.
Take off your shoes and socks. We need to verify.
Yeah, but what's the point? Pretty good gimmick they got here, though. You eat peanuts, toss the shells on the floor -- nobody gives a rat's ass.
Incidental.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Here it is.
Probably his girlfriend.
Fred Applewhite?
We know that. When did you move out?
And you took all your possessions with you?
So, you were hoping for a reconciliation.
Let me tell you what I think happened.
So, what did you forget?
And when you came back out your car was gone.
Eileen Jane Snow. Lady she carpools with couldn't get her to answer the door. Police broke in.
Audrey Hayes was strangled in her basement and the other one ended up in a park.
M.O. is how he breaks in. Signature's what he does once inside.
Sara.
What about Paul Millander? Maybe he's our guy. 
And, uh, he had the latex hands. And he's a serial.
Maybe our brethren at the FBI have some sort of special database.
Never make an enemy when you can just as easily make a friend. FBI's okay. I've kissed worse ass. But I've got to say I don't like this decoy op the Feds are talking up. 
I remember when Holly Gribbs died. I sent her out in the field and she wasn't ready.
I know what you told him.
He's the husband. His name's Brad Walden. They're locals, come here a couple times a year. He was downstairs playing poker. She was up here reading a romance novel. He comes back five grand richer. He finds her like this.
You're the boss.
Right, okay, all right, got it.
I just spoke with the FBI. They'll back us up if we need it, but we have to handle it.
It's a three-hour window.
A ransom message with a short fuse means that the victim's situation will cause her to expire by or before the deadline regardless of what we do.
It's a form of passive murder if you want to be, uh...
Has her behavior changed recently -- drug use, alcohol, things like that?
Uh-huh.
We don't want to go there yet.
It's a very strong suggestion, yes.
Look, if you give up the cash the kidnapper has no reason to communicate with us.
Well, your job just got harder.
I'll stay close to the money.
Geez, you scared me.
We hope.
Why? 'Cause he's probably just walking his dog.
Dogs take their time. What, do you want to be rushed?
Nobody moves. You got that? Rock solid till my order.
Copy.
Victor-9, affirmative. Way to go. Major player is in our sight. Will update. Out.
Move on ball cap! Move, move, move!
I can think of about two million reasons, Tiger.
So you want to talk to us, no lawyer?
And the fact that you're Jack Garris' trainer?
Yeah. 
And the layout of the guy's house.
You want to explain why we found your fingerprints all over the crate Laura Garris was buried in?
Don't go too far, pal.
Aw, kid didn't give up a thing ... except the tape that'll break the case open.
Yeah. The guy has no idea what you science types can do with a little audiotape.
We just picked up our kidnapper-- Chip.
His lawyer was at his house -- wants to make a deal.
Oh, yeah, Kreskin? What's that?
The Victim?
So, what do you think, drowning?
If Wendy Barger was sleeping around, none of her friends knew about it.
Nope. And as far as I can tell, the husband's on the level. He was happier in the marriage than she was.
Oh, man. I wish I had been married to you.
Oh ... mm ... 
I still got half a burger. Besides, I prefer live bodies.
Judge Cohen, you're under arrest for obstruction of justice tampering with state's evidence and violating seven articles of scumbag.
Nice work, man.
Could you wait right here, please?  Stay with Mr. Swelco.
Aah, you know, the usual beep-bap-bop, you know? The guy said he cut his hand cleaning fish. Got a tetanus shot. That's his excuse for the blood we found on the boat. But I'll call the Lake Clinic to confirm.
Oh, shut up. Stevie, hang with him.
Where was the last place you saw your friend?
You two work together?
You guys go into the desert?
You just told us.
So spill it.
Guy knows a lot about the Nevada State Penal Code.
Can you remember your last hours with him Saturday night?
We just don't know if it was an act of aggression or self-defense.
Sara Sidle, Warrick Brown? Officer Joe Tyner.
He responded to shots fired. The suspect fled the scene.
Drawn but not fired.
It's okay. It's okay.
Tyner told you what happened here. Whose side are you on?
Well, at least test the dead guy's hands for gun residue.
Yeah.
What the hell's going on here?
Next time, don't start without me. I'm the union rep on this one.
Is the expended round still missing?
Tyner ... sit down, sit down. What you do need is for these guys to go out and find the missing bullet. 
So what are you waiting for?
Is this payback, Warrick? Is that what this is? I was tough on you, so Officer Tyner takes my heat?
D.A. is filing charges. On the testimony of a bleary-eyed car jockey who was 40 feet from the jeep.
Joe, you shouldn't be here.
This is your fault, Gil. Your nose is so far down a microscope you have no idea what your people are doing.
Hey, I sat in your chair. Your guys have one job: To find the evidence. So where the hell is the missing bullet? Huh?
So I bet you think I owe you one, huh?
Fine with me. 
O'Riley was primary on this till it passed over to me. Big deal.
They sent their caseworker over to the hospital so meet her there with the kid.
Look, I'm not asking you to adopt her. Just take her over to sunrise for a Psych Eval, will you?
Tina, do you know what time you heard those noises?
And that's when you hid in the closet?
Does your family normally keep the doors locked at night?
How about this, Tina? You live in a house with six people, right? You must be used to hearing footsteps in the kitchen late at night. Why so scared last night?
So it just disappeared?
Here's a pen. Start writing.
You want a lawyer? Okay, we'll get you a lawyer. Investigator Stokes will stay with you just in case you remember where you left that scooter.
The kid's name is Jesse Overton. He time-shares the scooter. He admits to having s*x with your girl, and he's asking for a lawyer. 
I want to get a warrant and search his house. I'll keep you posted.
Sophisticated criminal, huh? 
This is the getaway vehicle. Tossing it in his own trash? What else is new? 
Whoa. Is this a pair of jeans under all that blood?
What was that?
Had to, once I put the murder weapon in his mug.
Well, the sick b*st*rd is on the up and up.  Except your last question. Your 'Why'?
Operator says his respiratory reactions were inconsistent. He's lying.
The luggage stays in the plane. We're going to treat this like a crime scene until we're told otherwise. Tim, Sam, talk to the coach passengers. See what you can't learn. 
All right, look, I'm going to talk to the first class passengers -- they're in the lounge. Let's meet back there in a half an hour, all right?
Las Vegas Air.  Always heard it was a good time.
About thirty minutes ago.
Everyone in first class -- nine passengers, one flight attendant.
Sequestered in the lounge. According to the Flight crew, the deceased had some sort of panic attack and died before they landed.
Deceased found lying between rows one and two.
What is that? Blood?
Oh, it's going to take a lot of tape.
Can I have your attention? I'm Jim Brass, from homicide. This is Catherine Willows and Warrick Brown from Las Vegas Criminalistics. They're here to gather evidence.
In what way?
What did you do?
Your knuckles are pretty banged up.
Lou Everett?
How'd you get that slice around the chops?
I think you need some coffee.
A few cocktails on the plane, Lou?
Mr. Valdez was your life in danger?
Stevie, keep these guys on ice.
I'm sorry, ma'am. This is as far as your daughter can go but we'll have an officer stay with her.
Hi. My name is Jim. What's your name?
Emily. Oh, that's a great name. Emily, I'm going to make you a deal, okay? We're going to borrow your mom for a little while.
Okay? And here's the good part. You get to borrow anything you see on me.
Well, you know, my gun ... it's kind of ... it's old, and it's heavy and ... and it's stuck there. Anything else?
You got a deal, and you know what? This is the best thing. You know why? Because anyone gives you any trouble all you got to do is ... flash this. There you go.
So, were you scared?
Did you see what happened?
Okay. Okay. It's okay. 
Sweet kid -- Emily. Uh, so, er ... Behrle ... how long have you been a physician?
Okay.
And what was the nature of your visit to, uh ... to Las Vegas?
What did happen?
Well, you've seen cops the tv show, so you know our game. The first one to talk gets to make a deal.
No? Well, maybe your daughter Emily needs you to take one.
Tony Candlewell, dead guy.
So, you want to tell us what we're doing here?
Lou.
And, according to the Flight Attendant that's when our stiff lost it and started hammering his call button.
I know what my guy's doing in my seat -- Lou. He's getting ticked off.
That's when he winds up and breaks your seat.
Peacemaker, my ass.  He's got three empties in the pouch.
Seat reeks of whiskey.
The guy probably spilled Lou's drink.
I was boss at CSI once. For a reason.
Anyway, Lou gets up. He's angry. He takes a swipe at the guy. After knocking a few back at 33,000 feet you know, probably misses. And what does he get for his trouble?
Right. So he falls back ... Well ... maybe Lou ... 
... spills his own drink.
Yeah, but you're lucky. Your wife is going to make sure that you get in the playing field.
I did. Max told the dead guy to sit down. He turned, he shoved Max into the food cart 
... Max landed on the ground.
Then he swipes him across the hand. Hence the defensive wound.
Now it's a whole new ball game. It's every man for himself.
Ditto.
We're in close quarters, so there's elbows flying everywhere.
Right.
Yeah. And our guy...
... was found five feet away ... with his head towards coach.
Wish I had Tony Braun's gardener working for me. Guy sniffed it out from the jump. Blinds were drawn shut. Side gate unlocked. Dogs let out. 'A' plus 'B' plus 'C' equals 9-1-1.
So the rumors about ol' Tony boy are true. Drug overdose.
How would you know?
Yeah, looks like the guy had a pill for everything. Can you get a print off those balloons?
It's Braun's 'Squeeze'. She's an ex-stripper, too. Perhaps you two met in a professional capacity.
Uh, let's see.
Quote: 'Out.' Endquote. When Tony's drug dealer showed up, she split. She slept at a friend's house. She didn't like the way Tony acted when he was cruising on magic carpets.
Why don't you just put the camera away before you get arrested?
That's a lawyer's call.
Based on your pupes, I could take you in right now.
When did you last deliver?
Well, she told us as soon as you got there, she left.
What? 'Shave the soul patch?'
First time I heard that.
Got you a brand-new Mercedes, didn't it?
Look, when you left your half a house where did you go?
Well, let's get her on the line.
Let me guess -- she's incommunicado.
Anybody ever tell you to call before you dig?
Oh, is that right? From who? A dead man? You got a name?
Do me a favor, Curt Ritten. Put down the shovel.
Stand over there.
Hey, guys, you might want to check out the basement.
No, burglary, theft and conspiracy, to start.
How'd you know where the silver was buried?
Ever work on his house?
Oh, so, you've been to his house?
Tools of the trade, Curt. Construction items -- hammer, duct tape?
Yeah, well, whatever you don't tell us, we'll find it.
Hey. I've got Detective Vega rounding up Walt Braun. Apparently, this Janine Haywood really got around. 
When she wasn't at Braun's house playing girlfriend, she's over at 'vault boy's' flat playing mistress ... which gives neither of them a credible alibi.
Then I let the girlfriend go. Curt Ritten goes back to lock-up until he posts bail.
Bail processing is this way.
Well, I got motive. According to the family lawyer, the drug addict ... 
I'm calling it what it is. I know you're friends with the family but the guy used heroin. He was a drug addict who stood in line to inherit the old man's fortune.
Walt's out of the picture. He's left out in the cold.
Yeah. Tony promised he'd take care of him. Whatever he got, he split 50-50 all in ... silver included ... up until about a month ago.
Will you volunteer us a DNA sample? It will confirm your story or confirm ours.
So you were at Tony's house the morning he died. Along with Walt Braun whose prints we confirmed on the doggy door.
News flash, sweetheart: Can't make a deal if you keep your mouth shut.
Ain't love grand?
Guy was running one of the oldest scams in Vegas. Would have gotten away with it, to until the getaway driver put a nickel in the guy's jukebox. 
That's the Ortons from Florida. The, uh, couple ID'd the deceased as the con man.
That's the Ortons' money. 
Not in the garage.
Thanks, Sam. The chip clip. Haven't seen that one in a while. 
How's that?
Hey, I got the horsepower on your Vic. Vincent Avery. Age 28, con man out of Atlantic City. Got enough petty thefts and grand larcenies on his record to choke a hippo.
Either that or a spot on your lens.
Hey.
Where you going with this?
Well, there's got to be more than one Ellie Brass in the world. 
Okay, you told me.
PD brings in suspects. I'll put Vega on it.
Of course.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
So, we're going to pick up right where we left off huh, Ellie?
Now you're telling me to get involved.
Hey, listen, nothing places her at the murder.
Vega's on it, he'll find her boyfriend and if I know my daughter, that's your shooter.
So, what, did Warrick tell you to call me?
What am I supposed to do? Hold my breath and count to ten?
Look. I go on the job, it's standard police work. Enjoy Reno. I got this.
Don't worry, I won't. 
Dispatch, Navaho 41 niner seven. In pursuit of a '78 red camaro. Suspect wanted for questioning.
Which one's Keith Driscoll?
Get lost.
I'm only going to ask you once. What are you and Ellie into?
You got her muling in drugs from Mexico. You got her mixed up in homicide over at the ...
Everything's cool.
Give it to me.
Oh, come on -- you know she didn't kill him. Keith Driscoll did.
What?
Oh, I get it. So Vega thinks she'll eventually rat out Driscoll.
Yeah, well, let me tell you something about my daughter.
Never happened.
I'm going to bail you out. You can stay at my place.
You have a place? 
Ellie, why do you do this to yourself? You're better than that. You're better than him.
Yeah.
It was a personal visit.
No. I went looking for Ellie.
Where is she?! 
Everything's a blur after that.
No.
Ellie, are you here?
I'm not leaving anything out.
Careful, she spits.
You going to test for gunshot residue? It's a little late for that.
Satisfied?
It not your job to take my stripes. In this case it is.
No.
Hold it. Hold it.
The hitchhiker.
Yeah, we met. When the three of you got back from Baja.
That was you in the other room.
I need rescue. 826 Herrick Lane. Overdose. Send an ambulance.
No, worse-- you're going to live.
A man's got to do ... 
What is it, Rick?
Yeah?
She's not. Call it the mailman. Ellie doesn't know.
Ellie.
I'm a detective. Listen, I heard that you never went back to Driscoll's apartment that night.
I could have sworn I heard you in that other room.
I guess I've been doing that since you've been born. I mean, I know I was never around, but ... you know, no matter where I am ... no matter what I'm doing ... I always think that you're there. Even if you're not. Come back to me, Ellie.
Sure. Okay. You need a ride to the airport? I can get you there fast.
Oh. Yeah. Okay.
Catch you later.
Yeah. We got an anonymous call to 9-1-1 at the same time the couple found him. A male voice said: 'A man has collapsed at the Devon. Hurry.'
Oh, he's unconscious, but breathing. So paramedics took him to Desert Palm Hospital. There was no bullet wounds, no knife ... nothing.
Bob Fairmont. Upscale home developer.
Well, they took these pictures before they moved him. 
Well, unless he's going to court or to church, there's no way he buttons all three buttons.
I'm going to go to the hospital to talk to Fairmont's wife.
I'm sorry, no. He was found under suspicious circumstances. Do you have any idea who may have redressed him or moved him?
Do you have a name?
I see.
Wife says the guy's a player. She doesn't know the women.
The male voice? Oh, I just got back from central dispatch. The tape's lost. New computer system.
The dispatcher says it could've been a woman whispering. Or a very old person, gender indeterminate.
You told me your husband was in surgery.
Surgery to take his organs not to save his life.
Someone was poisoning your husband.
I'm going to ask you again -- were you in that hotel room with Bob Fairmont?
Who was Fairmont partying with in that room?
Admission form from the ER, 9/6/98. The person who brought Fairmont in on the accidental shooting... was you.
You didn't poison him, either. All these bad things just happen to you.
So, why didn't you tell the truth then?
Well, there's only two reasons a woman shoots a man. She either loves him or hates him.
Oh, this is your residence. Everything in Claudia's office is your property.
Could you tell us why you keep your shampoo in your office?
Aw, you have to do better than that.
Hides the bitter aftertaste.
Ladies ... don't go there.
And you didn't think to tell me that when we first talked?
Oh, so, he had a stroke alone, after you left.
Well, CSI is testing that champagne bottle for selenium.
You seem to know a lot about poison for not being a doctor.
Why would she do that?
What, you know she did that?
I mean, do you have anything beyond your suspicions that she did kill him?
You realize that doesn't look good?
You mean since you yourself have been poisoned?
Why would she want to kill either one of you?
So, you think it was all in Mrs. Fairmont's head?
Okay, that's it. All right ... look, we're not leaving here till we get to the bottom of this.
Nothing as poetic. 
Just, uh, road crew took off at 3:00. Body was discovered 5:15.
Our friend, Flicka.
What's that?
I'll do you one better. The old boyfriend, Gavin Pallard had one against her.
They both filed last month. 
Want to find out why?
What about the last time?
When we find it.
We're looking for, 'Fine I went there ... and...'
Right ... he found a crime scene.
But you didn't call 9-1-1.
Not yet.
So what went wrong? 
But you didn't have a car. Joan did.
Yeah, you got me. Came with the car along with the registration. The R.O.'S our vic Pete Walker.
Nevada State Patrol.
Hey... Peter Walker, our victim worked for cinema road services in Valencia, California. Drives the newly released film reels back and forth to Vegas. 
Drops off the new reels every Tuesday for Friday's release. Brings the old one back. 
Yeah, according to his mileage log.
Pretty much a boy scout except for a speeding ticket.
July 2, last year.
Pete Walker. Excessive speed. July 2, 2001.
He drove himself right out of a license.
Last violation -- excessive speed, June, 2000.
Beside birth dates ... 
All the tickets were written by the same cop.
A clean-cut guy in a suit -- no one looks too close. He must have got a fake I.D.
I ran Roy Logan. No criminal record; no wants; no warrants.
The guy's married. He lives in Summerlin. He bucks up; got a seven year-old son. But I'll check him out.
Code five: Keep vehicle under surveillance; do not make contact with occupants. You know, Catherine had a gun. She could've used it.
Hey. I sent a patrolman to Logan's house. Talked to Mrs. Logan. She's in perfect health. She's not our vic.
Mrs. Logan?
Mrs. Logan, I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas PD. This is Nick Stokes, crime lab.
Have you heard from your husband?
When he didn't come home last night did you find that unusual? Or maybe you're used to it.
Ran Amanda Freeman's phone records. Creature of habit. Mother, gym, Logan, pizza. But the last call made from that house was to a cell phone we traced to Mrs. Logan.
What about the money? A million dollars cash? 
Where's the money now?
Where did Logan say he was staying?
I'll call down, see if his car's in the parking lot.
People donate their body to science end up submerged in a pond? Crammed in a car?
Whoever placed our victim here knew that the body farm existed. What they didn't know is each body is tracked by a bunch of scientists.
Any I.D.?
Okay, I'm going to move him.
Gunshot wound to the chest.
Did Mr. Kimble have many visitors to his house?
Do you have the full name and address of the victim's fiancée, Jane?
I'm Detective Jim Brass. Is Jane Bradley in?
What was your fiancé's business?
You must be the ex-husband.
Mike Kimble was killed tonight.
If we wanted to get in touch with you, how would we reach you?
We'll be in touch.
Photographic and definitive.
What are the chances mom knew what her boyfriend was up to?
Yeah, right. I'm going to look into it.
Yes, we found them at his house.
How did he look at her?
Russ Bradley, Gil Grissom, CSI lab. 
He's not your fiancé. Not anymore, anyway.
I just got back from the events office at the Tangiers where you and Mike were supposed to be married. You canceled your wedding five days ago. I even have your credit card receipt for the ten percent cancellation charge. You didn't like the way he looked at your daughter any more than your ex did.
'Match not found.' You got to be kidding me.
The guy has naked pictures of her in his townhouse. The mother called off their wedding.
How do you explain your semen on her nightgown?
The county automatically provides your son with an advocate. We can't proceed until he arrives.
Jake, did you take pictures of your sister and plant them in Mike Kimble's house?
You do have keys to his house, though. Right? I mean, your mother told us that both you kids do.
Well, maybe a little hobbit put it there.
You're quite a marksman, Russ ... and inventive. You managed to build a bullet made of meat. 
Yeah. We got this from your garage on a warrant. We figured a gun enthusiast like yourself would have one of these. Packs gunpowder into used shell casings. Cheaper than buying new rounds, right?
Then you dumped him at the body farm. Your grocery chain makes regular meat deliveries there for experimental purposes. Then what? You arsoned his place to cover up the murder?
Grabbed the nail polish remover from the bedside table poured it all over the place?
The guy wants to take the heat for his daughter on the arson well, where's the harm in that?
Don't you think that little girl's been through enough?
He doesn't have to. The sleeping bag's talking loud and clear.
On the bench -- he was moved there after he collapsed in front of the net. Apparently, uh the guy was responsive enough to be helped off the ice. He died a few minutes later.
Well, according to the on-site doctor, he took on across the cheek earlier in the second period.
Hockey, rough game.
Terry Rivers was an instigator. Always stirring the pot.
Yeah, down to the last stick. Here's a copy of the team roster.
See you later.
You said everybody hated him-- now we know why.
The fact that Terry Rivers churned and burned your brokerage account out of ten grand that didn't enter into it?
You weren't the only one, were you?
Like you said, nobody saw anything.
Wait, you're not going to ... what are you doing?
Not according to the pharmacy in your medical building. Last month you wrote a prescription for quinine -- an anti-malaria medication.
It's like giving a candy bar to a diabetic if you know he's a diabetic.
You were always cleaning up her messes weren't you, Doctor?
Let's take a little drive.
No, sir, just, uh, uh, stick around.
Hey. Uh, Larry Maddox. Owns the bus company.
Yeah, he coughed up the passenger manifest including the driver, Martin Draper. Twenty-four passengers, one PAL. 
Calvin McBride. Seat one-C. California state pen, two years aggravated assault. He was paroled last week.
It was news to his parole officer.
You know, my guys are matching names to faces both here and at the hospital. McBride tops the list. I'm going to talk to Maddox.
The kid in the Camaro didn't make it.
Only to end up pinned under a bus.
'Do not resuscitate'? It doesn't make sense for a young person. Why refuse CPR? 
I get it. It's busy here in Barstow. But you do remember the bus?
Did, uh, did they come off the bus?
But you do remember the bus?
Did you see a couple arguing?
Body count jumped to nine dead. 
Sabrina Wright, law student, 7-B.
Pronounced an hour ago.
Hmm .... Gwen Murray, 1-B ... was unemployed, but was clearing a bundle in alimony. Also got the porsche and the vacation home.
Michael Goodman, 10-C was picked up a couple times by vice for making fake IDs. 
Ryan Hyde, a Money Manager in 4-C, filed bankruptcy last year but carried a hefty life insurance policy. I mean, I could go on.
He didn't want her in Vegas. First step to stopping her is stopping the bus.
Chloroform can be picked up at any chemical supply store. 
Well, his car should be towed in by now.
The bus company. Larry Maddox -- he talks a good game but, he cheaped-out on his supplies and he's been way too helpful.
Not to mention all the private vehicles, truckers-- nothing's changed since I was here yesterday.
Yeah, a guy putting air in a tire at a rest stop does not draw attention.
That's him. That's our boy. Sean Nolan?
I forgot what you told me. Wasn't much to tell.
Maddox?
Well, there's always a first time. You're under arrest.
Did some digging on Jane Galloway. Her boyfriend had a TRO against him.
And that's thirteen times too many according to the restraining order. We're going to check out his house.
Looks like the boyfriend skipped out on us.
All right, all right. Get out of the car, get out of the car.
Sit down on the ground. Sit down, sit down. Sit down; just sit.
Are you Adam Piorio?
We're going to take you to a place and help you remember.
Let's start again. What happened last night?
So, you went to Jane's house. What next?
But you called her thirteen times. Once, you're in love. Twice, you're obsessed. More than three, you're a stalker.
Well, that's a lucky alibi. Roll him out of here.
Well, he was an eyewitness, sort of. I mean, he says he had a vision of Jane Galloway's murder hours before it happened.
Well, he has details. He has details that weren't on the news or the press release.
So I ran Merlin's, uh, credit card with his permission. Do you know where he was the night of the murder? Monaco Hotel. Room 834. Guess who was in the adjoining room? Jane Galloway.
According to the front desk you placed a call to Jane Galloway's room at, uh 9:12 P.M.? Lasting 21 seconds?
Phone records say that she received three calls.
Hey.
It's, it's done. All right?
So two nights ago he has a party. High-end guest list, very private. That was the last anyone saw of him. Housekeeper arrives 20 minutes ago. This is what she found.
No sign of the wife.
Housekeeper assumed that she spent the weekend with the grandmother.
We need serious damage control. When the media gets a hold of it it's going to be bad for morale all around. Watch your step.
What do you got? 
Thirty-eight .
Pearl handle Twenty-five . 
Clear?
'For Twenty-Five years of distinguished service.' An honor like that. Keep it in the case.
In-house security. Blue jacket. First time he saw the car was Saturday. Chalked the tires twice. Saw the bulletin on the Chief and called us.
We were waiting on you to check the trunk.
Whoa. 
Excuse me.
Okay.
Florida highway patrol called. Several motorists saw a girl matching Sasha's exact physical description walking along an access road.
Miami-Dade county. Chief was shot Friday night. It's a two-day drive if you don't stop. It's national news with national attention. I'm not surprised we're getting call-ins.
Miami is pulling cars out of canals -- chasing leads, debriefing the kid -- and you guys are flipping through textbooks?
Tuberculosis ... Cyanide poisoning ... Endocrinology.
You're closer to this Van Der Welk guy than you're letting on aren't you?
Doctor.
For the record, I don't like being put in the middle.
I did a little homework on the guy who took a nosedive after he was electrocuted. Three days ago, he was voted union rep. Demanded more overtime pay, pressed for a walkout.
Right.  Well, in case you're interested Bob Harris was the sheriff's best man.
I heard the sheriff chewed you a new one.
Yeah, you want me to check out your 'Deep Throat?' 
Well, that was fast.
Doesn't that tell you something?
I'll check out the guy. Gil, why do you do this to yourself?
The guy's dead. It could have been suicide ... accident. But you've always got to push it.
You know what I think? Adrenaline. You need the rush. But that's just me.
And take a pipe to Roger Valenti's head four days before he died. No, it wasn't on the foreman's report. Valenti's widow told me.
But this guy died and Bob Harris had nothing to do with it. 
He's guilty.
Mr. Wolf. We got you for murder. Premeditated.
You're under arrest.
It's all you, man.
Barry Schickel. Wallet's still with him. With cash. 'A' student. Recently voted class clown.
Who said the shooter was scared.
With his zipper down and his hands otherwise engaged.
So, you say that football practice was over at 5:45?
And it was okay for a student like this victim to return to the school property to use the restroom. That wasn't out of the ordinary?
That's okay. I'll drop by your office. We'll finish it there.
You found a slug. So, the treasure hunt paid off, huh?
Well, the nerd squad is off and running. I'm going to ... uh ... burn a little shoe leather and see whether the victim had a beef with anyone.
So, you admit you fired a gun.
So the same night that Barry Schickel was shot and killed you were out taking target practice?
Where's your gun?
We're conducting a police investigation here.
'Questioned'. A student was shot and killed in this building tonight.
We'll be in touch.
I checked out those kids you talked to. None of them was even near the school when Barry Schickel was killed ... 
The only one who doesn't check out is Dennis Fram.
Sure, let's go.
That's the timeline of the murder, Mr. Fram. We know every move your son made up until the gun. That's why we want to see your collection. You're registered as having two dozen weapons?
Let's get back to my first question, Miss Fram. Where were you the night Barry Schickel was killed?
So what, your perfume just wafted into the boys' room all the way from highway 10?
Can I, uh ... can I talk to you for a minute?
He copping to anything?
I don't think so. Kelsey was 'otherwise indisposed.' She got a parking ticket the same time the vic was shot in an alley behind a motel off Fremont street. In fact, a lot of cars got tickets that night.
Football coach.
Well, I paid 'coach' a visit. The guy's 23, just got engaged. I mean, he'll testify to anything as long as his fiancé doesn't find out. He says that Kelsey gave him a roll in the hay asked him to intercede with Barry-the-bully and get the kid to leave her little brother alone. She didn't kill anyone.
I worked in a slaughterhouse one summer. Looked a lot like this. 
The lease is in the name of Clifford Renteria. He lived here with his girlfriend till they snuck out in the middle of the night. Gee, I wonder why.
Yeah, sure. Deer, sheep, llama.
Victim's human.
When I said Cliff Renteria and his girlfriend skipped out in the middle of the night, I didn't have the whole story. 
Any idea where she might be?
So you noticed that she was gone?
Monaco Receiving. Clifford Renteria, platform manager.
Are you Clifford Renteria?
Las Vegas police. With the crime lab. Do you have any knowledge of the whereabouts of Alison Scott?
Who had it coming?
You got a stigmata?
Nosebleeds?
This guy blows ten quarts of blood from his nose onto his wall? You want to ask for a demonstration?
Mr. Renteria. We're going to need a sample of your blood -- from your arm, not your nose -- and a visit to your new apartment.
That's after you come down and give us that blood sample.
I thought you said the blood on those walls couldn't be his.
And this relates to your magic nose, how?
Nobody released you. 
Sorry to interrupt your fun but I have someone here you might like to meet. Jimmy Durante's girlfriend.
You don't have to ask his permission. I got a new warrant that covers his apartment.  Your wife being missing put it over. Funny you didn't mention that before.
What's the matter? Didn't realize how bad a corpse can smell so you just decided to move it around the place?
He wasn't exact.
Not enough candles in the world ... 
Body is Shelley Danvers. DOB: 10/10/81. Employee walked in to get towels ... 
... found her here.
Done fell out. That's what the night manager says.
Yeah, I was born yesterday.
You're the registered owner of a Lorcin .380. Takes the same caliber bullet as the slugs we took out of the victim. So, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where's your gun?
Do you think we believe that? Do you think ... 
Especially if no one checks up on them. A hotel employee is supposed to check on the various saunas every 15 minutes. Hotel regulations, right? We, uh, we got a copy of the check-up sheet.
No hotel employee checked in on the sauna after 7:30 P.M.
Anyone up for breakfast?
Well, I guess I'll go see Tina alone. Hotel tells me she's down playing quarter slots.
Well, my guy in the hotel lounge tells me that Tina and Shelley were having a catfight over some dude named Jeremy the day she died. That's probably how the shirt really got ripped.
Well, maybe this will help - 
The travel agency contract you and Shelley signed. Under 'allergic reactions to foods' for Shelley Danvers -- shellfish.
And then we have this from the hotel computer for your room 7:01 P.M., On the day: 'A Taste From the Sea a lovely tureen of mild bisque with pureed bits of Maine lobster.'
Miss Kolas, you're under arrest.
You've been walking in circles for ten minutes.
Body dump?
A thousand square miles of desert in Vegas and this perp dumps the body in a sandbox.
Maybe she was a domestic.
Well, the DMV records indicate that she hit town from South Dakota three years ago. I figure the bright lights faded and she snagged a sugar daddy.
Close-- one police officer, two criminalists. May we come in?
Really? Were there any disturbances last night? Did you hear screams?
Well, then can you tell us what time Mona got off? 
There's no sexual contact or anything illegal going on here, of course.
Lady Heather you don't what to know what I think. 
Do you have any kind of log book? Some record of who was working that night? What they did with their time? That sort of thing?
Not particularly. But it might help us catch the creep who murdered Mona.
Five guards, three civilians wounded. One dead bad guy. Armed robbers snatched the lock boxes from the two high-stakes tables right off the rolling cage.
Busiest time of night. Three women-organized and muscled.
Hey, they got away with 250K.
Small time or not these ladies are dangerous.
The same M.O. as Laughlin. Last month, cottage casino, men dressed as women shot the place to hell. In and out in under five.
And the more you practice ...
Mr ... Mr. Duncan -- take a deep breath and tell us what happened.
Anything else?
Okay. Thanks a lot. And check in with triage before you leave. 
Well, that was helpful.
Quick escape.
Right.
Right.
I got it. Thank you very much. Excuse me.
I've interviewed 17 people. No two accounts are alike.
Yeah, groundbreaking.
That's wonderful, Gil. If I see a gorilla, I'll arrest it.
Before Mr. Brower dressed up as a woman and heisted a casino, he was a janitor at an office park off Flamingo. Before that, he was 'out of town.'
I got a warrant.
Whoo, tidy little camper, isn't he?
What are we looking for?
Dirty laundry?
Okay. Let's see ...
Well, while you're at it don't forget his wigs and bras.
A trucker called it in.
Yeah.
All these bushes would provide good cover.
Yeah. Skid mark; one tire.
Where's the other one?
Max Duncan?
I'll tell you how this works: I'll ask the questions; you give the answers downtown.
Max ... are you clairvoyant?
Okay, let's try this. Why were you leaving town? Trying to beat a murder rap?
That's a lot.
When someone is killed during the commission of a felony all the conspirators are liable.
Tell me, who else was involved? Who killed Darin?
Then we got no deal. Officer.
You know what? I kind of believe him.
So, the last man standing killed Darin.
And absconding with a quarter of mill stolen money.
How does a cop hook up with an ex-con like Darin?
Where is the cash?
Yeah, well, you're still not that guy. Get him out of here.
Ever wonder what's in that hot dog? Human body in a meat grinder. Shop foreman found an arm. The rest of him is prime grade a sirloin.
The last guy to operate the meat grinder is this guy over here. Manny Saldano, age 37. Worked for meteor for eleven years. Shop foreman vouches for him. Says he inspected all three of his machines before he clocked him out.
Sure.  Check out the smorgasbord. Go ahead.
Mike.
So after losing all that salary you never filed suit. Maybe you didn't file charges it and settle it for yourself.
We call it a 'fight bite.'
So, what happened, Mr. Pasqualle? You paid the chef a little visit and did your version of 'etu, brute?'
So ... our male model copping to battery?
Well, maybe he's telling the truth. The earplug from the meat plant -- we got a hit on CODIS. Kicked out Harold Haskins delivery man from Meteor Meat. Out on parole for extortion.  He delivers to Debreff Restaurant.
So, you snuck in the place to grind up a body?
Who exactly gave you the, uh, 'meat' to grind?
You see my face? This is me almost believing you. Now, I've already violated your parole so whatever I say to the judge is up to you. So, what is it?
You ground up a body as a favor?
Well, that's a very tenuous distinction.
Stay right there.
How's it going?
Yeah. Same as the other two here. They need a little nudge.
While they're in our custody shall we try a little theater?
Let's go for a walk.
Hey, relax. You'll be with a friend.
Cuff him up.
No luck on Amy Ennis's next of kin. The Austin PD is still working on it.
Well, she gave birth. That doesn't mean that she had a kid.
We have a mercury sable, uh, Texas plates, found in the lot of the Tangiers hotel. She's the registered owner. They're bringing it in now.
Well, it's a good thing you didn't tell the kids mom was back.
You're right. Well, you were excited to see her. Why wouldn't the kids be?
That's right, you're an adult -- knowledgeable, experienced ... aware of Nevada Statutes, Chapter 156: Administration of estates of missing persons.
You're jumping the gun. It's four years, 11 months, one week.
Well, in three weeks, Mrs. Easton's estate can be distributed to her husband. You had a half a million dollar life insurance policy on your wife.
But you're not dead, and she wasn't either, two days ago. You know, for an unemployed guy you're doing a lot of spending. I mean,  ... Tiffany's, La Perla international watch company ... expecting a windfall?
No, I do that with a pole. No, I'm just thinking out loud. Your wife disappears. Five years after the fact, you get the money. You've earned it, it's yours, but she screwed you up. She showed up.
What happened, Daniel? The s*x wasn't as good as you remembered it, or the money was better? What happened?
No idea how it got there?
You're under arrest for the murder of Kelly Easton.
Well, she's going to retain an attorney. He's going to advise her to plead insanity.
Yeah. Have you ever seen anything like this before?
Jason Gilbert. Shot through and through. He going to be all right, though.
Visiting his girlfriend next door. He hit the deck when the shooting started. Didn't see a car.
Nobody saw a thing. Little girl inside wasn't so lucky. Aimee Phelps, age nine.
Father operates a rec center down the block.
So, Jason Gilbert, the kid who was shot, not too popular in the neighborhood. Just in a fight last week, down the street.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh. 
You know, it's a federal offense to be messing with the postal service.
Yeah.
Doesn't that dent look a little high to you? Like a truck or an SUV?
I'm not just another pretty face, you know.
Yeah?
Hey, tell me what you're telling him.
Yeah?
No kidding. All right.
Okay, let's see what the lad has to say for himself. Thanks a lot.
Hey, Gene! What's happening! Uncuff him.
Okay, officer, I think someone needs their cuffs put back on.
So, Jason Gilbert -- what did he ever do to you?
The kid you shot!
Jason's girlfriend told us that you were practically stalking her. She must have turned you down a hundred times. You didn't like that, did you?
Yeah.
You cleared it, all right-- into Mr. Phelps's home, killing his daughter!
What are you talking about? You threatened a bartender with an empty gun?
DA listened to the alibi's statement. He knows it's questionable, but, uh ... 
Half an hour before the house was shot up, Jaycobs and his alibi were at the sports chalet.
Salesperson remembered seeing both of them. They bought a baseball bat. Artiss even has the receipt.
I don't know. After what the DA heard, he said he's not going to file charges. Doesn't want the clock to tick.
Look at it this way -- you have more time to build your case.
They're going to put Jaycobs in protective custody to avoid repercussions in the community. Where are we going to put Warrick?
Assistant D.A.'s office, please.
Motel manager called it in. No weapon was found at the scene.
Thank you, doctor.  Yeah, this is Jim Brass. I'm at Desert Palm Hospital. I'm looking at a half dead Gene Jaycobs. Now, only two people knew where he was. That was you and me. You want to tell me how the hell this could happen?
So, Tyrel, let me get this straight. You didn't know Jason Gilbert?
So you shot someone you didn't know?
You stole a van from the rec center, didn't you?
Look, we know you didn't mean to shoot anyone. It was a stray bullet that hit Aimee Phelps.
Scare who? Jason Gilbert?
No, wait, Tyrel, wait. Talk to me.
What about Aimee?
Well, he never touched the first girl. The bedroom door was blocked.
With a treadmill. We've got two apartments here; 1213 and 1214. We think the girl in 1214 has physical findings.
Well, she locked herself in her bedroom, won't let anyone with a y chromosome within fifty feet of her.
That's the lucky one.
Doreen Bainbridge locks her doors every night. Says the girl next does the same. It's a twist lock. It allows for five inches of night air. Very secure ... unless you reach in ... three seconds.  Crime of opportunity, huh?
Okay.
Yeah, how can you miss him? Kid's pitching a tent.
Come with me, Justin. 
Nice fanny pack. I mean, I'm a wallet guy myself, but I can change. Mind if I take a look at yours?
Pack's a camouflage. And check out the tip of his right shoe.
No, your lunch hour just got very long.
How long you been doing this-- videotaping woomen without their knowledge?
Ooo ... He's a smart kid, huh?
Well, let's look at the young Kubrick's money shot, shall we?
That's reassuring. Do you know Doreen Bainbridge?
And also a little love graffiti on the wall outside.
You got to be kidding me.
He's my guy.
Justin Lamond ... sexually motivated offense, indecent exposure, gross lewdness. Let's go to booking.
Your sexual assault moved up to rape.
490 Kildare Road. Get here as soon as you can.
So where's Grissom?
Well, we got Susie Spiegel. She was unable to ID her assailant. There was penetration this time. She said he was polite. He wore a condom.
Yeah.
Slow it down, Xena. It's all right. Okay.
I know, I know. I understand.
Okay, get some id on these people, all right? Let's all go downtown, all right?
Are you all right?
Hey, hey, hey, you busted a man's lip. You broke a tooth, you sprained his finger.
I want you to know once you sign that complaint, it becomes a binding legal document, all right?
So help me out. What's a delicate way to say this? I'd like to barge in, tear your apartment upside down look for five-month-old evidence?
I'm glad you noticed.
Las Vegas Police ...
What are you doing here?
This is not the address on your driver's license.
Right. 
Now you're ready to move again, huh?
Yeah, okay.
Ever been to a foam party?
Things can get pretty wild.
Yeah, the deceased is Trey Buchman. Age 21. I got a Vegas I.D.
Uh, too much foam. The party was over. Most of the 'responsible' young adults had split.
Yeah. I'll tell you what we got. My guys are talking with the girl who found the body, but even sober, she's not going to be much help.
Ice pick, maybe? 
Well, wow. Tell you it's not for the money. I got about three grand here, all in c-notes.
Which adage is that?
I understand that.
You're breaking my heart, pal. Look, here's how this works. The more you cooperate, the sooner you'll be up and running.
No, I get it. I got a daughter who's twenty, she hangs out. I don't want her to die in a place like this, so do me a favor, get me the VIP list for tonight ... and smarten up.
Hey. I got a line on our vic. Trey Buchman, booked a room at The Sphere. E-wing, room 937.
Well, you got lucky. You're on my list now.
Here, hold this.
Nice shoes.
... wear it.
Comfortable?
You want to tell me how your shoe ended up in Trey Buchman's neck?
Jugular. There's a slight difference. Do you want to tell me why you left your shoe behind?
And the fact it had blood on it, that wasn't the reason?
I see. I did some checking -- because that's what I do -- and you and our victim had a relationship a while back.
I see.
Gil, please ... 
I've started to see into the future. Thanks to credit card reports, I see that our phone victim booked a room at the Tangiers for tonight.
Two hotel rooms in one night. He was a busy boy.
Good to hear things haven't changed around here.
Trey Buchman, Croix Richards.
They're deceased.
Last year, you lost Mona Taylor. Now, two more employees. It's a risky business.
These guys traded in s*x, and I know you don't allow intercourse in your domain. Now, that is an accusation.
So, Buchman and Richards were down here doing internet p0rn, huh?
And a very successful business. Thanks. Thanks for your time.
You lied to us, Mrs. McCormick. You said you only engaged in on-line s*x with Trey Buchman.
Sounds like a physical encounter to me.
No, it's just that everybody you pay for s*x ends up dead.
Well, I guess I'll have to live with that.  Here's something else you might not like. Two months ago, your bank records show cash withdrawals totaling
You used to work for Latona Pharmaceuticals, right? 
You sold synthetic insulin.
Quid pro quo, right? Steven invests in your business, you kill the two guys who are messing around with his wife.
You know, I'd like that, Lady H. It's tough being me. I'd like to feel more secure in my role as a homicide detective. 
You know what really gets me wild? The truth. Are you up for that?
He told me it was beef insulin.
Do you know that only seven percent of diabetics in this country use an animal-based insulin? They import yours from Great Britain.
Right into your dominion.
Is it something I said?
No, it's more like two acts ... of murder.
Lady Heather ... this has nothing to do with heart. It's all about the evidence.
Oh, I know that look. We're going back to Lady Heather's.
Gil, do me a favor, get a sports car. It's a lot cheaper and easier to handle.
Warrant?  We don't have one.
Chloe, uh...?
Well, the shoes link Chloe to the nightclub and this job links Chloe to the two vics. Where is she?
I bet I know why. Well, if she's in town, I'll find her.
So, you're going to tell us why and you're going to tell us why you strangled Rebecca McCormick.
Define 'personal,' in your crowd.
Yeah.
Sounds like she had a problem with you, pal.
Oh, you 'fixed' her?
She stay 'fixed'? Yeah, you fixed her so good that she started spending your money to get other men to give her what you couldn't.
So you got her to kill Richards and Buchman.
And then you told her to kill your wife.
What happened?
Okay. 
But you gave in.
A woman who knows her employer.
Everybody hold. We don't make a move until after he's taken the money.
Stand down.
Yeah. Well, let's give it a couple more.
So, what's your take on this? Inside or outside job?
Did you see the action he got? One phone call, $5 million gets delivered to his hotel?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Put the guns down! Put the guns down!
What the hell are you doing?
This is our job -- not yours, not Tavian's.
They spotted you. You understand? The kidnappers saw you. They made us.
Brass.
Maybe this is only the dump site.
Something did.
A $10,000 gold chip?  I don't think so. If it was a tip, you wouldn't have had to lose the bellman's outfit to cash it in. Now where'd you get this?
You found it ... 'sort of'.
They leave together?
Yeah, I get the picture.
Yeah, yeah, sure you did.
Don't be stupid.  Who's the blonde he's talking about?
Look, big casinos honor each other's chips. So, how you tracking these? Bar code, embedded transmitters, what? Look, it's okay. It's easy for the guys at the lab to figure this out, but we'll let the other casinos know you helped us out.
Thank you.
Bridget Willis?
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Vegas PD. This is Catherine Willows from the crime lab.
Money.
So, this is three blocks from the place where Isaiah's body was found. Why don't you guys take the kennel? Metcalf and I are going to take the dog run.
We found something. I think you're going to want to take a look at this.
Jacob Price. Local.  Looks like somebody beat us to him.
Yeah, well... I've been on the job a long time, and I know what a tragedy like this can do to a family.
What's going to happen is one day, Kenisha or Tramelle or one of your other kids is going to come to you and say, 'What happened to Isaiah?' And they're going to want to know the truth.
The guy who took Isaiah worked in a kennel. 
He was used to handling dogs, not children. When Isaiah tried to escape, he was restrained, and when that didn't work, he was drugged. 
Now, drugs have a different effect on adults than on children. It's called 'The Paradoxical Effect.' So, when the tranquilizers weren't working, this guy- Price -- upped the dosage. 
Now, as a father, I can understand why you'd want this guy dead ...
Yes, I do.
Bridget Willis? Las Vegas police.
She's not here. I'll put out an APB.
Happy hour. Joint was packed. Two fatalities, four critical. 
Non-responsive.
Hey, how's it going? Here are the phone records from the driver of the vehicle that you asked for. You know, there may be something to that kamikaze grandma theory of yours. Last week, Diane Lambert closed out her bank accounts, paid off her credit cards, and updated her will.
I don't think that's a coincidence.
Well, I'll tell you what happened to me. Last week, I was driving to a crime scene in the car and the GPS said go right. Had I done so, I'd be coughing up fish from the bottom of Lake Mead.
Or maybe she put in the wrong address.
So, according to the girl, one minute she's blasting through the mud and having fun, everything's great, the next thing she knows, she's lying upside down in the dirt, staring at chemical waste. She called Hazmat. Now, it's not toxic. They saw the barrel was buckling, they thought it might explode, so they opened it.
I'll never eat another french fry. How long you think he's been in there?
With all this wind and weather, any evidence of the dump is long gone.
I got a coupon.
We got a roomful of murder suspects.
You have a gaming license?
You're the only house in Vegas that doesn't take a cut.
He's dead.
When was the last time you saw Christian?
We're going to need you to identify the guys fought with that night.
I'll take them all.
You know, Brian, I mean ... your best buddy drops off the face of the earth for six weeks ... 
.... You get a call or e-mail but you care so much about him that you do absolutely nothing to find out what happened. You can understand why we're he, so straighten us out.
You know, you got a lot of hobbies, Brian.
You must have dropped it when you stuffing your buddy's corpse into a barrel.
Here's the way this is going to play out. This is the best-case scenario. We arrest you for murder. The, uh, the jury likes your face, and, uh, you get man one. Then you get to spend the next fifteen years staring at your wife and kid through a wire glass window. Maybe if you're lucky, uh ... when you get out, you can take her to the prom. 
She's going to be so proud of you, daddy.
Hey ... hey, Brian if it was an accident, why didn't y report it?
Thursday night is noir night. The poor sap was slumped over like a sack of potatoes, oozing blood like a broken bottle of ketchup. 
His name is Gus Sugarman. Runs a dental practice in Henderson. Cell phone went off three times during the movie. So, the usher finally came over to shut him up.
I got a witness.
You get a look at her?
Well, manager had left for the night. The usher who found the body had left before we got here. He had been smoking blunts. He was afraid we were going to bust him for marijuana. I'll be tweaking him when I call him for my statement.
That's why nobody ask you.
Okay ... here's what's happening -- three months ago, Audrey Hilden filed a sexual malpractice suit against our Dr. Sugarman. The suit claims that she was molested while she was under anesthesia.
Yeah. Sugarman counter-sued. He's represented by big-time attorneys, so she backed down.
Yeah. Well, uh, there's more. Remember the usher who likes to smoke the chronic? He claims he saw a redheaded woman make a phone call halfway through the movie, so I'm going to check it out. 
Want to tag along?
From the pay phone? 
What? I ... what? I'm on it. I'm on it.
Ah, I see. Well, according to this, a phone call was made from the theater lobby to Audrey's home at 11:25.
We're looking for someone else.
Maybe Audrey hired a pro who called up to say, uh, 'It's done.'
Why don't we ask her?
You hear that? Phone's off the hook. 
There must be another way in.
Yeah.
Hilden.
Ever been to the Art House Movie Theater?
Alfred Hitchcock?
Welcome to the tragedy hall. Hey, you hear the one about the comedian who died onstage?  Literally.
I'll be here all week.
Buh-du-bum.
Crowd thought it was part of his act ... till he didn't get up.
Well, live fast, die young ... I forget the rest.
Buh-du-bum.
Don't go Cousteau on me here. It was all part of his shtick. He was like Tarkanian with the towel. You know, always biting and pacing. Dougie's mantra was, 'It's a cruel world. Ain't it great?'  Uh, it was low-brow. Strictly chug-and-belch.
Yeah, it's a cruel world.
Oh, you're making coffee. Good. I could use some.
Today, high-octane black. I need your help with something.
A few weeks ago, homicide gets called to Green Valley. A woman in her
I didn't call them in. I ruled it an accident.
Last night I saw the husband out on the town. I mean, I could tell you something, Nick. Three weeks ago, this guy was devastated.
No, but this is way upward. I mean, trades in his beat-up old Acura for a brand-new Ferrari. He's with a girl who gives more lift-off than-than Cape Canaveral.
No, I understand that. I got no problem with that. I'm not a priest. That's why I called the life insurance carrier. And check this out. 
The morning ... Shelley Stark ... was found, George Stark made a call to the life insurance agent. Went like this: 'My wife is dead. I want my money.'
$750,000. Now, I got the police report, autopsy protocol, detective summary, and scene photos.
I'm chasing something that Gil Grissom isn't interested in -- a hunch.
No one's impugning your work, doctor.
Look, I'm the one who said Shelley Stark's death was an accident, and I'm the one with second thoughts. I mean, it's my ass on the line.
Yeah, Nick ... give us a minute, will you? Just a minute.
Neither of us want to be wrong, but this isn't about the press, the public, your office, you or me. This is about Shelley Stark. Now, we can do one of two things. We can do nothing, let this guy walk, or we can go to work, exhume the body, and find new evidence. Now, it's your call.
You know, something about your wife's case never felt right to me. It bugged me, kept me up at night. It's not because you called your insurance company and filed a claim the next day. It's your policy; it's your right. It's not because you bought a new Ferrari; it's your money. Or because you're with a beautiful girl. I mean, you just lost your wife, you need some companionship.  No. It's because of something you said.
You said, 'She WAS my life.' Not 'is'.
No, hold on a minute. I've been a detective for half my life. I can count on one hand the times surviving spouses used the past tense, and I got to tell you, I'll be damned if every one of them wasn't guilty of something.
Now, I mean, that's just me. I mean, in a court of law it means nothing.
You're a suspect in a murder case. We don't need your permission.
You killed your wife, George.
And she loved you. Which is why she didn't react when you walked into the bathroom that night.
You see, it's physically impossible for her to pull that towel rack off the bathroom wall.
I was wrong.
We don't have enough to file charges, but the insurance company feels they got more than enough.
Translated: That means they want their cheese back, man. They want their $750k.
For starters, yeah.
That's present tense.
Cal and Monica Newman. Owners of the house. My guess, second marriage.
He's, uhm ... got a good sense of humor.
So what are we calling this, murder, suicide, what?
No.
Reminds me of my daughter. She used throw butts out the window, too.
A kid. Son, 15, Max Newman. He's M.I.A. like the father. The secretary said he went out for lunch and never came back. I checked the garage -- three cars. None of the hoods are hot.
Mr. Heitz, you're Mr. Newman's realtor. Have you seen your client lately?
You always give out the combination to your lockboxes? It's illegal.
According to his office, he left work at 1:00. It's about right. 
What is that, some kind of filter?
Hey, I'm from Jersey, we swim at the shore.
This is the realtor. I just did a background check on that guy. Half a dozen robberies in the houses he has listed. Art, antiques, stuff like that.
Exactly.
Selling house as a front for porno a little blackmail on the side.
Lust doesn't live in your heart.
Oh, no, no, no. Red Rock Canyon. A field trip. Oh, I'm getting that. 
What I'm not getting is this.
This is not the first time, is it, Max?
Well, let me lay it out for you.
So you must've thought you won the lottery. And the only thing standing between you and the winning ticket was your father.
How come?
We also found your fingerprints and your hair.
Well, you made sure you were everywhere, too, didn't you?
Oh, yeah, that's right. You rang the bell. You had the physical tools for the training but not the character.
Where's your posse?
Hmm?
Taxi hit a kid crossing the boulevard. The crowd over there saw the driver Rajeeb Khandelwahl, trying to get away. So, they pull him out of the front seat of the cab and they beat him up. I mean, they ... they beat him up bad. He's on his way to Desert Palm.
Auto detail hoisted the cab off the kid.
What do you mean?
Too many to count.
First time.
But easier to clean up.
Good plan.
Did you see the pedestrian?WOMAN: Crossing the street. I don't think he saw the cab.
Did the cabbie see him?
And that's when Rajeeb, the taxi driver tried to leave, to drive away?
His radio? He wasn't fleeing the scene?
Oh. Okay, what can you tell me about the men who attacked him?
Who?
Why, because he's not from Vegas?
Oh, and you know that because you saw his birth certificate?
Tell me what you did see.
So line up.
Look, the guy that you 'arrested' is in critical condition. That makes you all suspects in a battery ...
If you're wearing badges, I'm playing left-wing in the NHL.
Oh good. Send her in, Joe. Thanks.
Mrs. Branson, thank you for coming in ...
He's in intensive care.
Please, Mrs. Branson ... please, sit down.
Um ...
Your son was stabbed in Haskell Park and you live on Loring Avenue. My best guess is that he was on his way home when the accident occurred.
The taxi didn't kill your son, but someone did. 
Did Todd have any problems that you're aware of? Did he have any problems at school?
Did you know he was in the park after sundown?
Yeah, I do ... and they don't often confide in their parents, I know.
When was the last time you saw him?
Why didn't you call the police?
Because you knew we couldn't protect you.
Hey, buddy, how's it going? 
I'm Detective Jim Brass from Las Vegas Police. Is your mother home?
What's your name?
Sorry about your brother, Eric.
Yeah, she said that you were moving. Where are you going to?  You know, when I was a kid we moved around a lot. It's not easy. So you're going to be seeing your dad?
Hey, Eric, will you do me a favor?  When you see your mom ask her to give me a call, okay?
Take care.
Well, we, uh ... we found a gun registered to him in the park where your son was murdered but when I spoke to your son Eric he told me that his father died years ago.
You know something, John, you don't scare me. According to your ex-wife, you're some kind of monster -- threatening her life, setting her car on fire in Boston breaking and entering in Chicago, showing up at your kid's school in Portland ... I don't know, I mean, I thought maybe you'd be like the guy in 'Sleeping with the Enemy'. You're more like Gumby, aren't you?
You know where she lives.
Yesterday, your son Todd was murdered and that is a crime.
Hey! John, baby I'm not talking about the weather here, man. I'm talking about your son.
Hey, what about Stewart Bradley? You know? Yesterday, he was murdered, too. He was shot with your gun.
Revolver. Smith &amp; Wesson.
It's registered to you, John. Has your name on it.
Oh, you file a police report? But I know, you're busy. You forgot. That's okay. You know what I think happened? Here's what I think. You called up Todd, you said, 'Hey, Todd. Why don't you meet me down at Haskell Park? You know what? Why don't you bring mom's new boyfriend along?'
You better do what he says. He's in crime lab.
He's got some unpaid speeding tickets. There's warrants that have been issued. Is three days good enough?
Mrs. Branson, you got a minute?
Well, your Ex has been picked up on an unrelated matter. Even if he makes bail, you still got a day or two head start.
Hey, Eric. This is Mr. Grissom. We work together.
As soon as Eric shows Mr. Grissom his hands you're on your way.
Look at Mr. Grissom, Eric. Not your mother, okay? Ms. Karpell.
I think something a lot more dangerous than that burned your hand.
Where'd you get the revolver, Eric?
Ms. Karpell ...
So, the gun was in your possession and you didn't say anything.
Your boyfriend was found carrying a knife the night he died. I spoke to some of his friends and associates, and no one ever remembers him carrying a knife.
He'll be remanded to a juvenile detention center, awaiting trial.
If he's convicted of a homicide he'll be sent to a state custodial facility until he's 21.
Anonymity shields them from prosecution, though.
Hmmm ...
Well, nothing's absolute, Gil ... even forensics.
The physical evidence confirms that you're the 'hero' who pulled the driver out of the cab.
You're looking at first degree murder.
Mr. Khandelwhal didn't make it.
... and, for the record, he didn't hit that boy. He wasn't trying to flee the scene. He was reaching for his radio trying to call for help. You know who the real hero of this is? Rajeeb Khandelwhal. The taxi driver. So ... what does that make you?
: We want your buddies. I mean, either you talk or they'll talk. I mean, it doesn't matter. And the clock is ticking, so ...
s*x or money. Well, on the money side, the room was booked yesterday, under a stolen credit card belonging to a Mrs. Parker. She's a 75-year-old living alone in Henderson. As far as s*x goes, well, I want to be a believer.
Uh, not in the hallway. Only in the elevator. We're on it.
And I'll, uh ... go door-to-door.
Mm. How many voices?
What were they saying?
Did you get a look at them?
What time was that?
10:35? You seem to be pretty sure about that.
Oh, yeah? Which one was that?
You mean, Armageddon?
Oh.  Good movie?
Where'd you meet them?
And did you find it?
How?
Is that a crazy question?
Prove what?
You got a gut feeling on this one?
Well, we've got some I.D. Found her handbag. Wendy Laggerman, aged 24. She's not registered.
What was all that about?
Whoa. Hey. Hey, buddy.
Take it easy. Take it easy.
Who found the car?
Cameron Klinefeld and Mandy Klinefeld?
You checked into The Fez last night under a false name. We also suspect you of identity theft and felony fraud at The Sphere hotel as well. They don't have the magic fingers bed there, do they?
The problem is, people keep showing up dead in your hotel rooms.
No. Uh, look, there's got to be some mistake. We are this close to busting a pair of serial killers and the Judge won't issue a warrant?
Is he back there? I'm going to talk to him.
Okay, split up. Go around the back.
Las Vegas police. Mr. and Mrs. Klinefeld, we have a warrant.
We got a problem ... 
Somebody got to our killers before we did.
Chris Gibbons, UNLV grad student. The jury's been sequestered two and a half weeks on a murder trial.
What do you got?
Well ... we got eleven potential suspects.
Yeah. There's one I know of. Um, Miss Davis -- she's a stripper at The Shimmer.
Hey, this is Vegas, baby. 
Guilty. Guilty. 'Not Guilty.' Eleven 'guilty,' one 'not guilty.' Now that's motive.
Okay, let's start with the misdemeanor. Cell phones and cameras or cell phones with cameras are prohibited in the jury room. Somebody must have told you that.
Yeah, according to them, uh, you got a little bit of a gambling Jones, hmm? $25,000 in markers all over town. So what's your game, dice, cards, sports book? Or all of the above?
All right, now the questions get hard. I mean, you can't be getting rich on jury duty, forty bucks a day. Or can you?
To deliver the jury?
So the morning cleaning crew found him. No ID, but this was in his pocket.
His goal weight?  I'm going to talk to housekeeping.
Hey. We got an ID. Off your DB's prints. His name is Adam Brenner.
Well, sort of. He's a civil servant. He's a postal worker from Orlando.
Oh, you're going to love this.
So, how did the other players feel about that kind of smack-down?
Cruel whimsy of fate. Guy's from out of town, takes a cab from ..., checks into the hotel. The only thing on his hotel bill is four meals a day. No phone calls. So everybody he talked to is in this room. We're going to need a list of his opponents.
You were the last player who saw him alive.
You tell me. 
You play for the glory.
I can still spell this.
Put your hands on the table.
More like seven to ten.
Of what?
What about Adam Brenner? 
Maybe you took that loss even harder.
We are this close to busting a pair of serial killers, and the judge won't issue a warrant?
Mr. and Mrs. Klinefeld, Las Vegas police.
We got a problem. Somebody got to our killers before we did.
Are you carrying?
Then get the hell out of here while I secure the room.
This is Brass. 
Yeah. I'm at 11546 Blackbird lane. Got two gunshot victims. Send rescue. There's no rush.
Yeah, they're UC.
Oh, about the time that Judge Slater didn't sign the first warrant.
Makes you feel a little paranoid, huh?
So, you guys been here the whole time?
What happened?
Unable to locate.
I am. I want your gun. Give me your gun.
Hey, help me out here.
And your backups, too.
Just doing my job.
Okay? Let's go.
Yeah.
Hey, this isn't a favor, Bill. This is a screw-up.
All right, what else did you see? 
You are bad news.
So, Bradley, you saw our police officer at that door?
Did you see a police car?
Did you hear any gunshots?
Okay, thanks, Bradley. Good job.
Ever see a beat cop anywhere but the strip?
Well, it's not like you to have a one-track mind.
Jesse Commons and Bill Nowlin were doing what I asked them to do. They were sitting on the house. Until you can get enough physical evidence to support a warrant.
Cops don't take the law into their own hands.
Oh, you want to hit below the belt? You know, a lot of people had access to the Klinefelds. Who knows, maybe CSI III, Nicky Stokes opened up his mouth to another parking lot attendant.
Oh, come on, a ten-year-old insomniac kid, hyped up on sugar, going blind on x-box. Who knows what he saw?
All right, let's break it down. You got a public defender's cell phone, no prints. You got officers' weapons taken from the scene, not fired. You got officers' shoe prints, not matching the evidence print. You got three black-and-whites confirming that Commons and Nowlin responded to a 444. Give these guys a break.
Oh, what, so it's a conspiracy? 
Oh, come on, you know the deal. You know better than that. There's bogus calls come in every day. Well, maybe you don't, because you're the kind of guy who goes to serve a warrant without a gun.
Well, that's a distinction that could be lost when the suspect's still inside the house. Look, I had your back. Now I expect you to have mine.
In what city?
Star-1 uniforms. It's the biggest uniform shop in town. From casino dealers to cops. Shirt's wet.
Opposite direction from the 444.
uh ... Buttons.
All the new uniforms have zippers.
Let's hope whoever was wearing that shirt sweats.
The badge looks legit. I'll run the number.
Yeah, I'm aware of officers 'losing' their badges.
No, we got a problem 'cause your badge was found in the proximity of a crime scene.
I've been looking at your jacket. Reads like a novel. You got a lot of entries in here. You got, uh ... beat-and-release. You got some stick therapy. What's up with this?
Okay, tough guy, tell me what you know.
I'm it.
Well, I was impartial. Now open up.
You're a hard guy to find.
We both got a little stubborn. Did a little head-butting. I kind of liked it. You were like your old self there. Anyway ... 
Fromansky was my money, too.
Pull off a murder like this, it takes some practice. So... one thing I remembered. About six or seven months ago, we arrested a couple of gang-bangers. They were popping blackjack dealers on their way home from work, taking their toke envelopes. Because of some technicality, Judge Slater let them walk right out of the courtroom. I mean, they were talking about this in the precinct for weeks. Now this morality play has a very quick and unhappy ending. Somebody shot them.
Maybe. But still, I don't like a cop for this.
That's what he probably told himself.
We're not here to get a warrant, Judge. We're here to serve one.
That goes for your bailiff and your clerk as well. Gentlemen, please remove your shoes. I'm sure you'd want to set an example for all court employees.
The Klinefeld warrant was generated from this office, and only you three had access to their personal information, so ... yeah.
Judge Correll.
This is detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police Department. Interview room 'A.' I'm with Stuart Gardner, County Court Clerk. Please, um, state your name.
And spell it for the record. That's right. You used to be a cop.
I'm not your brother. 
You're a murderer. 
We also found your old uniform shirt, with your DNA on the collar. What are you going to retire on? Psych? Medical? What?
Ah, you want to talk about me, huh? Oh, you're a clerk. Get your facts straight. He wasn't a bystander. He was a passenger in a felony pursuit.
Must be my good looks.
Don't knock the CSI, Stuart. They put a lot of bad guys away. 
You know, I'm going to give you a little therapy for free. You know, if you had only shown a little restraint, they would have processed the DNA after Klinefelds'. Slam-dunk case.
Yeah, I bet you saw a lot of that working for Judge Slater, most liberal judge in the state. 
Bet you saw a lot of good cases go south, while you just processed those release forms, huh? 
Stuart, sit down.
So, Dr. Thrillseeker, you ever been on this roller coaster?
Six dead. Park full of eyewitnesses saw the train fly off the tracks. Four-oh-one-B.
Uh-huh.
A runaway?
So, how long you been operating the roller coaster?
That's a promotion, huh?
Oh, I see. So you get to meet girls your own age on Pharaoh's Fever.
What kind of training do you get to be an operator?
I get the picture. All right, look, there are six victims. It'd be helpful to know where each of them was sitting.
Yeah?
That's only five.
'See yourself scream'? What's this about?
How does that work?
I'm still going to want to take that computer.
Zack, you close up shop at the Sphinx at night.
Did you notice any cars in the parking lot after closing on Thursday night?
Oh, you know Jimmy?
Why? 
Do you happen to know the name of his date on Thursday night?
How did Jimmy get access to the park? I mean, all the power is shut down at night.
No kidding.
What about security?
Hey, Zack.
We spoke with Lisa. She said she gave you some ointment for some nasty rash you have.
Not exactly.
Hey, good idea. Why don't we go downtown? We can talk there.
Come on. Come on.
You coming?
Okay.
A retired grade-school teacher living on a pension ...
No, I know that. What I want to know is, other than the back door, did you or your partner touch anything in the house?
Oh, the nephew said he wanted to see her. Insisted on it. Made me curious. 
You Connor Foster?
Sometimes, when you see the body of someone you know, someone you've seen move before, you want them to move.
It means you're high.
We'd like you to stay.
Where are you living these days, Connor?
Nice. How's work?
Yeah. Yeah, two years ago, your aunt reported a pearl necklace stolen. You were busted trying to hock it at a pawn shop.
Oh, sure. Anything for her favorite nephew. And what have you done for her? She was lying in a coat closet for over a month. You didn't call. You didn't stop by.
Little Stevie Jansson. How was the home of the good shepherd, Steve?
Expunged, huh? So, what's this crap you're pulling now?
And looking at your adult record, this makes strike two and three with one pitch. That's a real time-saver for us.
Madeline Foster. The Kirkwoods.
So, if we asked The Kirkwoods, they'd say you were their handyman, huh?
Consistent, but not conclusive. I spoke to Mr. Kirkwood. He wouldn't confirm or deny Jansson's handyman story. He said he couldn't remember. And without that, uh ...
This gets cheerier by the minute.
Yeah.
Well, you know all your customers this well?
Where were you after your shift on Thursday night?
Down, boy.
Thanks.
No, but I'd bet somebody here was.
Lineup's almost ready to go. 
We're ready.
I already cleared it with the Public Defender.
Here's how this works: There are five guys in a line. We're going to ask each of them to step forward, turn to the side, and then face forward again.
She froze up. She couldn't do it.
Well, we've got enough to hold this Jansson kid, but the other guy ... unless she writes a number down, there's nothing we can do.
Get your kit.
Registration's not here. This is the shopping plaza. Mother can't be too far.
You want to document the inside temperature? 
How many of these have we had this year?
I'm Detective Brass, Las Vegas Police. Sir, do you have a son?
How could you forget?
What kind of job do you have?
Your wife work?
Where's your wife now?
How'd you get to the airport?
Thanks for coming in. We're all done. Thank you.
I got the state medical records for Howard Ashton Winston -- born August
Last year -- Tay-Sachs disease.
Yeah, I worked with a cop in New Jersey whose son died from it. Aw, the poor kid went blind, couldn't swallow. In the end, he couldn't even lift his head up.
Losing one kid is tough, but two?
Mrs. Winston, we have a warrant to search the premises.
Mr. and Mrs. Winston, why don't we get out of this heat?
Why didn't you tell us you had another child who also died?
We found pesticides in Joshua's bloodstream. I'm going to have to get a court order and exhume the body of your first child.
I'm afraid not.
When your second son ended up dead.
I can imagine for both of you it must have been like reliving the nightmare. One child, now two.
The symptoms are similar. Floppiness of the head, arching of the back. 
Blindness ... inability to swallow.
'Cause, maybe, you just didn't want him to suffer?
Actually, we're here about your roommate,
... Ross Jenson. Do you know where we can find him?
Gone almost a week. That normal?
Huh.
Relax, buddy. This is a homicide investigation.
What do you got?
We're going to need to take that computer and a few things back to the lab.
Did you know your father was having a sexual relationship with Ross Jenson?
Were you in Jackpot, Nevada last weekend?
Ross Jenson was ... visiting your dad. We found his car ditched in a barn outside town.
That's right. You don't own a car. You ride a motorcycle.
Put a lot of miles on your bike. It shows.
It's a long drive from Jackpot to Vegas. You knew he'd stop for a refill before he left town.
That why you drugged him? Drove him into the woods? Put him in a hole ... 
... buried him up to his neck ... 
... cut him ...
So witnesses heard multiple gunshots.  They think. Because if it was during the Blitz. You know, the lights were out, sirens were going off, search lights, the whole world war ii experience.
.32 auto. Belly got it.
Well, uh ... 
Oh, geez.
I'll tell you, it's a busy night.
Another body?
How does somebody get into your club with a gun?
Ever see the dead guy before?
Hey, Gil. Wait. You've got something stuck to your shoe.  Oh, no, it's just Sanders.
Mr. Willard! Las Vegas, police. We have a warrant.  Go around the back, Bobby.
You get this address off a pill bottle?
Huh?
Polaroid doesn't do him justice.
Ken Willard.
So you're saying our first victim was a hired killer. Hired by whom?
The .32 automatic we found at your club, the serial numbers were filed off. I mean, you know better than anyone, that's a felony. Lucky for us, the crime lab recovered the numbers.
So what's this, 'The dog ate my homework'?
What do you care? You only own ten percent of the club. Ken Willard owns the rest.
You're damn right they do. He's dead.
You're awaiting trial on drug trafficking, Manny posted your bail.
Oh, yeah? Who's 'E' was it?
So you and Ken had a relationship?
The gun used to kill your hit man.
So what does a contract killer cost these days, Manny?
Decedent's name is Martha Krell. Flight attendant. She checked in this afternoon.
Apparently, she was stabbed to death. The coroner's en route.
No clothes, no luggage.
Take a whiff.
Smells like a hospital.
Wow. So you were friends? 
So you discovered the body.
So you knocked on her door, and when she didn't answer, you just went right in?
Yeah, I knew that. Does the hotel have surveillance?
Thank you. You've been a big help.
Thank you. I'll let you know.
What are you asking me?
Look, I'm trying to catch a killer. I got no control over the press. If this makes the news, then it is what it is.
Las Vegas police. 
We're looking for Jesse Acheson.
Do you know where he is?
Well, your marriage is just full of romance, huh?
That was fun.
We'll be close.
So, I just got back from the Tangiers. The G.M. won't let us into Jesse Acheson's room without a search warrant, and the judge denied our request.
I'll bring Acheson in for questioning, I guess.
Sure, I'll get him a bag of donuts.
Look, Jesse, we appreciate you coming down here voluntarily, but if you clam up, we're gonna have to file an obstruction of justice charge, and that's not good ... for you. Let's make it easy on yourself.
What were you doing in Sue Stein's hotel room?
Try us.
All right, let's cut to the chase. You were there to sell her blow, right?
We're just having a little chat here.
Are they all female?
You park your carts in the hallway when you clean the room, so anyone could have swiped a bottle of bleach, right?
We'll be in touch.
Freshman dorm, coed. Two DB's on the third floor -- Trip Wilmont and Paula Levine. Both 18.
So this is Trip's dorm room. When he missed a big b-ball game this afternoon, his coach called his R.A. His R.A. got the kid next door to jimmy the lock 
Paramedics pronounced and took off. The coroner's en route.
Had you done that before?
So you and trip were friends?
Mm-hmm.
BRASS: So I guess that's a no?
Did you help him, or did you do it for him? Look, it's not the Spanish Inquisition.
Okay.
Think! Did you see anybody else in the area?
You're not supposed to take your eyes off him ever.
He's been gone maybe twenty-five minutes.
I'm gonna get right to it, because time is of the essence here.  Where'd you get that package, bud?
He's right, so you better be careful.
How much cash?
Easy, boots. I'm gonna need those bills.
What's the address?
Code four. Code four.
Yeah, the address was a waste of time. Nothing here but a fat drunk and a bad smell.
Any news on the web cam location?
Okay.
We got the kidnapper's truck. Nevada tags: 374-Robert-
So at trial, you testified that you went with your boyfriend to visit a buddy of his. And when you went in the house, your boyfriend blew the guy away.
He was an aerospace engineer, right? Good with explosives?
You know, we had your visitor's log. Your father stopped coming to see you six weeks into your sentence.
He kidnapped a friend of mine. A CSI. And then he blew himself up. Tried to take some cops with him.
Hey, we're all still here.
Yeah, look, if you cooperate, we can get your sentence reduced.
That's the whole place.
Are you kidding?
After girls' day out, you, uh, stopped here for a snack.
Is that your father?
In the car?
So what did he look like? What kind of car did he drive?
No, that's ... that's good. 
You did good. That's good. Thank you. 
This is Captain Jim Brass. I want to issue a Missing Persons Emergency Alert Amber. Notify all radio and casino signatories. The description is as follows ...
What time was that?
Was it busy?
How many surveillance cameras do you have in here?
Well, I'm glad to see you're so concerned about your customers after they leave the store.
How long have they worked for you?
How about a housekeeper or a maid?
Let's talk about your daughter's routines. Her routes to and from school, any extra-curricular activities, a list of friends. 
How often did April get her sister to skip school?
I'm curious because April said she hardly ever gets to see Alicia. Why didn't she just come here?
For what?
You know, if a victim has a serious illness, you really should disclose it right away.
So, Jimmy, on your way to and from school, did anyone ever bother you or approach you in any way?
What gave you the creeps?
What'd he look like?
Thanks. You've been a great help, Jimmy. Thank you. Uh, if it's okay with your mom, I'm going to have you hang around, look at some photos. All right?
Did you, uh, cut yourself shaving, Mr. Waylord.  Marlon must be shy.
And I believe you, too. Come on, step over here, please.
Well, that's a big word. Well, you got all your facts right, Marlon. Help us with this one. We know you own a Buick. Where is it?
I hate that. I'll have it towed to the lab.
So here's the deal: When you go up, I won't yell short eyes first. How's that sound?
The inmates didn't treat you too gentle the last time. Did they?
So tell me what you did with Alicia.
Oh, come on. Don't make me smack you.
No, I did. I know that your recent preference is for little boys, but, uh, your first time was with a female cousin. Let me read what you said. 'I couldn't help myself 'cause she was acting so hot. It was her fault; she was really hot.'
A tour helicopter spotted her around 4:00 P.M.
Just the responding officers, lug soles, sizes 10 and 11.
Yeah, well, there's no rush now.
I bought it the hell we all bought it. But your sister was already dead when you raised that alarm. Her body told us that. There was no sexual assault. The evidence told us that, too. So you didn't think this through, sweetheart. So what are we left with? A false police report and a murdered little girl. So it's one to four for the Amber Alert. And for your sister, life imprisonment if it's an accident, and the needle if it's not.
But you know, I get it. I get the picture. I mean, your brother's the center of attention. He's sick, he's dying. Your cells don't match. Your parents have Alicia. She's his savior. So, where do you fit in? What are you to this family?
But not anymore you're not. She's dead, and your brother's sick. When he goes ...
I want to believe that. Come on. Help me to believe that. It just means you were in on it because you put on one hell of a show. You still using?
Maybe we should run your blood just to be sure, huh?
So how do you pay for this habit? Are you pimping your sister for drugs, April?
Depends on who you sold it to. You're not gonna talk your way out of this one. You need to get clean.
Mr. and Mrs. Perez...
I'll tell you on the way to the police station - where's your son?
Let's go.
I don't get you, man. I mean, even if you could explain it, I would never understand how you could stuff your daughter in the trunk of your car and dump her body in the woods!
Wasn't Alicia part of your family? You're her father, you dumb b*st*rd! You're supposed to protect her. What kind of man are you?
You know, we got enough evidence to charge you with premeditated murder.
You helped your husband move the body. You know, I really don't see him taking her underpants off, so that job was left to you. Then you or your daughter, April, checked the s*x offenders' registry, and you tried to frame an innocent man.
Forget about that; this is about you. You're the tough one. You run the house. You run the family. People do what you say in a crisis.
So this time Alicia said no. She wanted to keep her kidney, and that pissed you off. So you killed her.
She was angry -- she wanted to play on the soccer team, she wanted a life. 
And you're just the type of woman that would never let her forget it. Come on, Alicia wanted out of this game, and you couldn't let that happen. Not to Daniel, not to your only son, your favorite child.
You slipped Alicia some of Daniel's oxycodone.
So now you got a problem -- you had a dead body in the house and no plausible explanation. What are you gonna do? So you call your daughter April. You make up a story, you play your roles, and put on a show.
Oh, you know, I-I thought the, uh, the slap was a nice touch.
I envy these parents who live in ignorant bliss because ... 
... I know how my daughter Ellie lives. I know the company she keeps and I know what she does to get by. And ...  ... anyway, I mean, I'm ... I'm ... a couple of nights ago I'm in LA and sitting in my car on Hollywood Boulevard watching her work a corner and my eyes are playing tricks on me because I don't see what she's doing, I see what she was. I see a little six year-old girl with a ponytail, playing with crayons ... singing a little tune to herself. It's ... I don't know, all I want to do is save her. 
But the thing is, you know, if something happened to me ... I don't think Ellie would, uh ... care. 
So I'm asking you to do me this favor. There's no one I trust more with my life, or my death ... than you.
Hey.
Thanks for not pulling the plug.
The decedent's name is Christina Adalian, 28. Gunshot to the temple. Her sister is over there,  ... just came in from L.A. When no one answered the door, she looked inside. Saw her sister on the floor. The playpen with the baby was next to the body. Police officers kicked in the door.
Well, according to her sister, she's a single mom. They lived alone. 
Hey.
Consistent with suicide. Oh, there's a note on the white table.
The fridge is full of bottles of breast milk.
I know we've been over this before. Like I said, he'll be placed in Child Services until appropriate custody can be determined. That's just the way it is. I'm sorry.
All right.
Okay, after we're finished, an officer will take you to the facility.
Well, we have a few more questions. And, uh, CSI has to take your fingerprints. We won't take long, believe me.
They're in a cooler in the officer's car.
It's okay. It's gonna be all right.
Is the ex the baby's father?
Well, we need to contact him regarding Joey. It would be helpful to know his whereabouts.
Construction crew found him when they came into work this morning. The woman's dead. The guy's still alive, but he's not talking. Wouldn't even give me his name, even after I gave him my name.
No, everything is just the way I found it. I mean, I figure some knucklehead, you know, came in off the street, found him, figured he had a free pass, and picked his pocket.
Anyway, I'm, uh ... I'm talking to people. I'll, uh, I'll let you know what we find out.
The dead guy in the bath is Raymundo Suarez. He works the night shift. He cleans the equipment from 8:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. The day-shift guys came in, found him like this. The foreman here called it in.
Where they get their throats cut.
As long as it takes.
Well, it's not like they're gonna do any better in here. Come on, I want to talk to your crew.
All right, what's your name, and what do you do here?
Mm-hmm. You see the victim last night?
You and Raymundo get along?
But you know somebody who did?
Oh. You mean the guy who owns the company?
You think the big boss had a problem with him?
Did you and Bubbles take a tumble?
How's Mr. Hoffa?
I take it we don't have a name yet.
I bet you ten bucks that I have you made by 9:00 p.m.
Apparently, so did your wife. She was spending some quality time with Raymundo down at the plant.
So you have no problem with it?
Oh, I get it.
Do you know this woman?
How about him?
He ended up dead, too.
He was murdered.
Attention all units, suspect's name is Ernie Dell.
Ernie Dell? Las Vegas Police! Open up.
Go ahead. Break it.
Do these belong to you?
So you worked with Raymundo Suarez. Did you know Izzy Delancy?
And how did he thank you for that? Public humiliation?
And you knew Penny Garden.
You're a handyman. What'd you fix for her?
We're just talking here, Ernie. We're just talking.
You want a cup of coffee, Ernie? We got decaf.
You're free to go.
So was he right? Are we really just picking on an old man or is he the bad guy?
Yeah ... he spent half his life in Locomotiveville.
You got to be kidding?
Unbelievable.
Well, keep me posted.
Hello. 
You know, I don't need your name to arrest you. I can call you John Doe. Okay, let's assume for the moment that you did know the dead lady laying five feet from where we found you. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that you killed her, and then you tried to dispose of her body, but you did something very, very stupid. Are you with me so far?
Yeah.
Make sure this goes in his personal effects.
Now, I'm gonna suggest you get a name tag, put the name 'Trixie' on it, 'cause that's what your cell mates will be calling you.
Take him to his cell.
'Hi, Max.'
You accidentally stabbed her through the heart?
Max, I want to believe you, but I ...
But if it was an accident, why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the police?
You were never convicted of killing your grandmother.
Which is why you don't have a record. 
All right, what about your neighbor? Mrs. Ivanovna-- did you kill her or was that an accident?
What, to give your wife -- your beloved wife -- a proper burial?
No. No. Don't tell me you ran over the puppy.
So CSI got a fingerprint off the drinking straw we found at the scene.
No. It was a very clean print. And Ballistics matched some shell casings that we found at Simon's McMansion on that raid last year.
No. So Zamesca was trying to put Simon out of business, and it cost him his life.
Hey. I have a warrant for Thomas Simon. Is he here?
We busted our hump trying to find this guy.
Oh, you want my pancakes? Yeah, sure, knock yourself out. Here.
So, are you waiting for a drum roll?
So what's the catch?
You know, I can think of nine, no, ten ways that this could screw up.
Sure, that's how they keep all the money. 
Thank you.
What's happening, Rat?  Boy, you got to love junkies, huh? What stamina, what willpower. I mean, even the rain doesn't keep them away.
You nervous, Rat? Relax, relax, I'm just here to talk. Listen, you like game shows? Because I got a deal; listen to this. First place is a life-changing experience. You get a whole new life.
There is no second place, Rat. Either way, you don't get to work the alley anymore.
Screw me? No, no. Screw you. 
Look, take my deal. Otherwise, you're in possession of a controlled substance, and with your record, that's a mandatory sentence.
All right, let's walk, walk with me.
It's a little complicated. You own a gun?
Control, this is 2-Zero-3, Charlie-Captain-Brass. I am with Charlie-Zero-4-Willows and Charlie-Zero-9-Keppler. We're around the corner. Our ETA is five minutes. We'll be responding also.
Ezekiel Holstein. Date of birth: 07-14-72. Do a records check. Oh, and, uh, contact Narco. May be drug-related.
Let's roll.
Thomas Simon, you're under arrest! You two -- step over there.
A problem? We're charging you with the murder of Danilo Zamesca.
Well, it's good to meet an informed citizen.
Get him out of here.
I'm looking at him. You dropped the ball, man. You never cleared this operation with the DA, and now, she says she can't tell fact from fiction. She's not going to file charges against Simon.
Did you hear what I said? Now, what are you going to tell the sheriff?
We're looking for a building whose exterior looks exactly like this.
So what are we looking at, Rick? We've got a modernist structure with cement beams, steel rails, frosted glass.
Something like that.
Well, maybe that'll work in our favor.
All units, this is Brass. All right. Maintain a low profile. That means I don't want to see a uniform within three blocks of this place, okay?
Be vigilant, but be cool.
Someone's coming up.
White male with a suitcase.
Peyton Tallman's ID checks out. And you know ... and I kind of doubt the killer's going to make a miniature crime scene of his own sister's house.
He wants to see his sister. I'll let you know how that goes down.
Look, I know we've all had a tough day, but the sooner we get done here, the sooner we can all go home.
I'm sorry about your cat, ma'am. We lost an officer.
When my guys went to your house, they said you were a little out of it, but you're thinking clearly now, right?
Can you tell me why anyone would want to kill you?
Is or was?
You seem a little young to be retired.
Can you tell me why one of her patients would want to kill her?
Did you work out of your home?
Treat any sociopaths?
Well, maybe I am. Maybe I'm looking for a 20-something-year-old male, last name of Dell.
But you're retired.
No, we're not done yet. At least, I'm not done yet. All right, look, let's start again, all right? Let's ... Maybe we started off on the wrong foot, all right? Look, I'm asking you as a professional, as a psychotherapist, please ... help me out here.
Okay? Tell me ... what am I looking for?
Uh, yeah, four bodies -- I'd call that antisocial.
Different how?
All right, all right, all right. This isn't helping. Now, the kids have been missing since last night. Why'd you wait till now to report it?
Sheila who?
The last place they were seen was the parking lot at the school after the game.
I know it's a favor, but ...
Yeah ... Okay ... All right. Right, yeah, yeah, hold on.
We haven't found him yet. We're still looking.  Go ahead.
Hi, hi, I'm sorry I'm late, but, you know, the sun goes down on missing kids and it's news.
Doesn't make you a bad person.
Oh, this, this, this thing is so broken. There's a trick to it.
This is Vegas, baby. That's nothing.
Voila. Let's go to my office, okay?
No, I get it, and I appreciate you bringing her in.  Hey, Sheila.
We got a 421! Somebody run next door and get the squad medics.
I'll tell you it's been a banner week for teens and police. Two kids disappear; one we can't find; one may not make it out of surgery; and another one ends up dead in custody. I mean, I don't want to make this about me, but I need to know my office is not responsible.
Wait, so ... Sheila suffered the blow around the same time that Megan and Ryan were, um ... well, whatever they were.
Injury? No.
Uh, not much, but propped up on a dresser was a rental agreement to this address and a key.
Looks like it.
Diane Kentner, open up! Las Vegas Police!
Okay.
Let's go.
Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.
Now I remember why I don't like modern art. I'm gonna go call the coroner outside.
The DA decided not to file. I mean, my guess is that he probably felt he couldn't get a conviction.
Everybody involved in this thing has been punished in some way. I mean, Diane and Sheila are dead. Charlie's probably going to jail, and Megan ...
Look, I know this is tough, but did she give you anything?
Anything else?
We're pursuing a number of leads based on evidence gathered at the scene. Now, we believe that our suspect targeted one individual in particular and that's where the investigation is focused.
Look, look, we have every available police officer out looking for him.
He can run, but he can't hide.
Well, there's a cold brewski on the table. We must have just missed him.
Yeah, what?
All right, we'll check it out. But first we're going to lose the radio cars. Post an unmarked. I'm going to put a broadcast out on his vehicle. He's gotta come home sometime.  Control, this is 2-0-3 Charlie, Captain Brass.
Look, uh, two squad cars just passed rolling Code Three. I'm at 562 Herrick Drive. Where are they en route to?
All right, copy that. I'm headed to the 415B location.
Hey, what do you got?
Anyone see the suspect?
Okay, I'm going inside. Chris Mullins hangs out here. Somebody's got to know something.
You see this guy? Marlon Frost? He was just stabbed in the parking lot.
What, did he get into an argument or something here?
Yeah, right.
Uh, how about this guy? You see him? Chris Mullins?
Has he been in lately?
Great.
Chris Mullins?
I hope you washed your hands.
So you're in the house the night of the murders.
You know, you don't seem too upset that she's dead. How come your fingerprints are in every single room of the house?
But you're only having s*x with Lauren, right?
I guess that's funny to somebody. But when we get a warrant for your DNA and match it to the semen we found in Lauren and Emily, the joke is going to be on you, pal.
And you couldn't help yourself, right, stud?
So I guess when Lauren came home, you gave it to her, too. Is that right, Santa? And what about Becca?
Boy, you have an answer for everything, huh? What about the guy in the bar? What about him, what did he do, look at you the wrong way, bum a smoke? Or did he want you to give it to him, too?
The suspect's name is David Marlon. M-A-R-L-O-N. 
Also known as Marlon Frost. Released from California State Penitentiary where he served time for sexual assault. Mr. Marlon is also wanted in the questioning of the assault of an elderly woman in North Lake Tahoe one week ago. We believe he stole her vehicle and then fled to Las Vegas.
That's not what I asked you. What I asked you was, why did you kill them?
You know, there's something I don't understand, Marlon. Why are you smiling? You feel good about this?
Police!
Call a paramedic!
Like a bad penny, some people just keep showing up.
No.
Guy over there in the ten-gallon -- Vernon Porter.
He's a night watchman. All the employees are required to wear that cowboy getup. That's the job that cops get after they retire.
Yes, ma'am.
Do you think you know how to ... ?
Oh, you're a genius.  Well, this is where we found her.
On her neck, yeah.
Maybe the party just got out of control.
So you're sure that the gate was locked?
When did things go Code 3?
So why couldn't you check them out during normal business hours?
You know, we spoke to the night watchman. He said the gate was locked. How did you get in?
Do you know him the way you know Judge Fincher? Because I know that's how you got out of jail last time. I need a name.
You don't want help, that's okay by me. Just don't waste my time. I've got a lot of cases on my desk that need my attention. So when you come out of your haze, give me a call.
Oh, sure, sure, sure. We'll get to that. But, first, I need to straighten out a few things.
Mr. Oakley, did you give Heather Kessler permission to enter the park after hours?
Well, you know what she does for a living, right?
So you have no problem with a dominatrix doing business at a family theme park?
So how did she get in?
After midnight?
Well, I'd like to talk to Benny a little more. We need to confirm his statement.
The night watchman chews.
Yeah, I know. I checked him out.
He got in an off-duty incident. He was in a fight in a bar and a woman was hospitalized.
Well, you know, it fits his profile. He could have waited till Heather's client left -- there's always a client ...
... and then attacked her. You know, I should have checked to see if he was wearing underwear.
Well, you want to see a man about a horse?
Well, it's ten after. Probably unlocked 'cause he's doing his rounds.
Ah, the Wild West, partner.
I know something a lot juicier than Grissom and Lady Heath ...
He took one in the back.
David, hand me his cell phone.
Guess who he called yesterday?
Lady Heather.
And we both know how she likes to settle her own scores. I'm going to get a warrant, but it may take me some time because I have to find a judge who isn't a client of hers.
We have a warrant to search your house. And you'd better put some sunblock on because we're going downtown.
Well, we'll swing by the hospital. And you can explain to them why you checked yourself out early, against doctor's orders.
Where were you last night?
Can anyone verify that? Preferably someone not on the payroll.
And with your history, yes. How do you know Vernon Porter?
You know what? That's the first thing you said to me that doesn't sound like a lie. What kind of work?
So an ex-cop does some legwork for you. So what happened-- did you have a falling out or he threaten you?
Oh, I don't know, Heather. I don't know. I mean, you get assaulted at Old West Town where he works, he calls it in, then he ends up dead. What is it, just one big coincidence?
Yeah, but it was your business that got him killed. Come on, come on, we both know that you weren't there for some western hoedown. So what were you doing there?
That's attempted murder. Your dad's not going to like that, Benny.
And that makes two attempted murders. And that adds up to a lot of jail time, bud.
What do you want, a gold star for being a bad shot?
Where is he?
Is he at the saloon?
He's got to be at Heather's.
So your sick fantasy was to kill her.
Too bad you spent the million. You could use it on your defense.
Look, Heather, for what it's worth, I think you're in the clear. The DA's not gonna press charges. Attempted murder, assisted suicide, the lines are kind of blurred. But do yourself a favor. Get some help.
Court order for another Dell kid in Old Henderson -- the
So, we've been trying to contact Mr. Dell for a couple of weeks. Have you heard from him?
I wonder why.
Trevor Dell, open up. Las Vegas Police.
Hey, shut up and stand back.
Anybody home? This is the police.
Vegas in May, plus global warming.
Hey, Gil, we got a body.
Yeah, Control, this is Jim Brass. I got a 419 at 1621 Water Street, Apartment 2B.
What, you lose your interest in dead bodies?
Big guy's a wannabe composer. Quit his day job to write the next
Yeah, another weird tragedy for the Dell family.
Well, the guy liked action figures. Maybe his sister, the Miniature Killer, gave it to him as a gift.
Control, this is Jim Brass. 
Yeah, we found Sara Sidle's car, but she's missing. There's no sign of her. 
Looks like an abduction.
I don't want to waste time screwing around with this nutcase. I'm going to get some bleach and drip it on her until she gives up the location. And they can't accuse us of police brutality for that.
So you're the one who found the body?
Right. Do you recognize her?
At any time did you step inside the elevator?
All right, thank you, Gloria. Thank you.
How many floors we got?
Yeah.
You do the math.
The wedding planner. Hmm? 
How do you drown in an elevator?
What do you got?
Donna Basset out of San Francisco.
San Francisco PD lets their guys moonlight. Do you know anyone on this floor needs private security?
Which room?
Clear and empty.
We need to locate Mr. Hsing.
So you believe in all this feng shui stuff?
Per Mr. Hsing's request, hmm?
You okay? You know, I mean, working Sam's hotel so soon after the, you know?
Yeah.
Mr. Hsing, I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police.  Your security officer, Donna Basset, was found dead tonight. Murdered in your hotel room.
We'll take care of that. When did you last see her?
Mm-hmm. Mr. Hsing, when you hire security, how much of it is for real threat and how much is perceived? Do you know what I mean? How much is for show?
So, you checked in around 6:00. Where have you been since?
So you never left this room all night?
Oh, that's helpful. Why'd you leave?
And how'd you swing that?
I see.  You can corroborate this?
Okay, good, there's a record then. So you get back to you suite. Then what?
So changing your skivvies can change your luck?
Wow. I'll have to try that.
Well, we can be finicky. 
The hot weather, the full moon, too many people moving to Vegas. Whatever the reason, the natives are restless.  Scene's in the garage.
Yeah, no, you know, don't bother about that. That's the water delivery boy. He lost his breakfast, and his bottle.
He said the house belonged to a guy named Lou Beltran.
He couldn't tell. The door's been forced.
Hey. Any ID on them yet?
Well, you know, I'm kinda stuck until I know who they are, so, uh ... Sara, do me a favor, will you? Reach into that barbecue and hand me his wallet.
Thank you. 
This guy doesn't live here. This is Ray Gaynor, lives a few houses down.
I don't know, but I'd bet my right arm that's his left arm.
I'm gonna see if the one-arm man has a wife who knows how to operate a chainsaw.
Was it blue?
Sorry.
Um ... I think there's a couple of chairs left.
No.
So, Mrs. Beltran, I assume the divorce wasn't final.
Hmm. Do you know Ray Gaynor?
Uh-huh.
Look, I gotta ask you this -- where were you last night?
So you were in a plane.
The vic had nothing on him but his casino ID. Name is Vasco Ruiz. He's a dishwasher here at the Golden Sapphire.
My guess he got off his shift, went to his car, got whacked.
A blender?
Not in the employee structure.
Well, we found a Wayne Newton impersonator, but all I could get him to do was sing a few bars of 'Danke Schoen'. But no wallet no cash, no cell phone, no car keys. Smells like a robbery.
Yeah, I'm gonna go get personal with his boss. See what he knows.
She's not talking.
He must've taken her wallet.
It's not here; they took it. Somebody had to see something.
Mrs. Ruiz, I'll do the best I can. I'll put you in touch with state services that'll help you deal with these issues, okay? But right now I need your help to do my job. I need some information, okay?
All right. When was the last time you talked to Vasco?
Did he have any enemies that you know of?
Okay. Did he carry a wallet or a cell phone?
I want you to write down his cell phone number on this piece of paper, okay? I need to access his records.
Hey, guys, this officer's going to take you and your mom home, make sure you all get home safe, okay? 
Get this reporter on the phone.
So how long you been in town, Mr. Tanner?
You on vacation?
Okay, tell me what happened.
Can you give me any descriptions?
Okay. All right. You take it easy.
Sure, I'll do my best.
His name is Greg Sanders. And I'm sure he'd appreciate it. I'll tell him.
So, you think we're out of the woods yet? 
She's a cop.
I can see that. 
Did you get a good look at 'em?
Look, I'm not going to play you, Tara. So let's not waste each other's time. I have enough evidence to try you for first-degree murder. But I'm greedy. I want the rest of the Mickey Mouse Club. So you have a choice. You can either spend a very, very long time in jail or you can help me out. 
You don't have to say anything. 
Write a text message. Something Pig would send to his buddies to gather them all up for another fannysmackin' party. Look, Tara, I don't think that beating these people up was your idea, so why should you and Cha Cha take the fall? These guys don't care about you. I mean, let's face it. You're just a piece of tail to them. Right? So what's it going to be? Are you going to let a guy with the colorful but unfortunate name of 'Pig' run free while you go to jail? You know, it's funky in there. No Posh Spice. No parties, no purses or pedicures or pasta primavera. So you decide.  Decide.
Everybody out of the car, now. Get out of the car.
Let's see those hands. Put them on the top of the car.
Get out of the car!
Her name is Penny Garden. Age 65. Retired cocktail waitress.
Been living here since the Rat Pack days.
Well, they must have tipped well because twenty years ago, this was a nice neighborhood. Anyway, a guy next door heard a racket, called 911. Down the hallway, there's a spare bedroom. The bed's unmade. So if the vic had a houseguest, they're nowhere to be found, so I'm going to dig around.
Did you hear anything? Any voices, yelling, screaming?
Yeah. Well, you think that's sexy? Is that the way you roll? Huh? All right, I'll take that for a 'no.' You see anybody leave the house?
Who's she got staying with her? 
Describe him.
This is my card. If you see that white skinny guy, give me a call, will you? All right? 
All right?
You talk to that guy in that house?
Put someone on his doorstep until he shows. He's got security cameras. I want the video.
So where did you go last night?
Oh, a ticket stub. That's good. Who'd you go with? You went by yourself?
I don't know. A friend?
Okay, so the movie ended. You're all by yourself, then what?
Why are you staying at your Aunt Penny's?
Why would they do that?
Let me see your arms.
Are you 'booting that good oodgie'? You ever use intravenous drugs?
You know, your Aunt Penny had some scrips for some pain medication –
We're going to need to take your clothes and your shoes.
We found these in your house. The white one is Carisoprodol. It's a muscle relaxant.
Oh, yeah. And the blue one is Prevalis. You look a little young to need that.
Well, he's going to get really bored in prison. You hope.
Well, you think a guy in my job doesn't know what goes on in the clubs and in the street? You ever hear of a Las Vegas Cocktail.
It's a combination of Carisoprodol, Prevalis and very strong painkiller called Fentanyl. Problem is, Fentanyl's hard to get. I mean, doctors don't just give it away. You got to be in really serious pain to get it, like dying of cancer. On the street it's called 'perc-a-pop'.
Now, Penny Garden was prescribed 40 a month. Problem is, we couldn't find any in her house.
Yeah, I do.
You liked her 'cause she had what you needed.
Yeah.
Yeah, what do you want to know?
What's this?
Her parents have already been notified.
Did you make the call?
How's this going to help me?
You should have put him in your car and driven him home.
Look, Warrick's a loose cannon. We both know that. He was in Gedda's strip club ... 
... conducting his own police investigation.
Yeah, passionate enough to sleep with the vic who ended up dead in his car. Look, I know Warrick didn't have anything to do with it, but he needs to back off. Guys like Lou Gedda -- they don't skip on murder and extortion by being lucky.
Well, unlike Warrick, I don't make accusations until I have proof.
Hey, you still with me, Richard?
Remember her?
She worked at Pigalle.
No, they don't. There's blondes, brunettes, B-cups, D-cups.
It's bad for your health. How about a diet soda?
Hey, it's a two-way street, Richard. You answer the questions, we'll get you a soda.
Then what happened?
Then what?
Then what? Did you kill her?
Why'd you pick that car, Richard?
We found your fingerprint inside the car.
Who's them?
Get him out of here.
Get your -- 
Security. We have a tough time finding guys to wrangle a bull. Cowboys like to party when they come to Vegas.
Jim Brass, Vegas PD.
What can you tell me about this guy?
'Re-ride'?
Not a dead cowboy.
It looks, uh ... pretty persuasive.
So ... uh ... was Cody helping you collect from Wintwister?
Right, right, so like an athlete before a game.
Well, if the stuff is so valuable, maybe Cody was doing a little moonlighting, you know, collecting on his own, making a little extra money.
We found bull semen on his jeans.
There's more than one?
Yeah, I get the point.
Do you know this girl? We think she's Cody's girlfriend.
Mm-hmm.
I thought Wintwister didn't compete tonight.
Can I help you?
Hey, Cath, listen, it's Jim. We got an eyewitness confirming that Tiffany's TOD was after 2:21 AM.
So, Coco, you didn't see anyone threaten Precious Ricky? 
Yeah, right. You know this girl?
Do you know who the groom was?
Know anything about him?
It's kind of impulsive, isn't it?
Hey, Troy, listen to me.
We don't want anyone getting hurt, okay? So put the gun down. Come out of the truck with your hands up. Put the gun down, Troy. Just let it fall away. Now. He moves on that gun, don't wait.
Okay, but we're not taking any chances.
Nice job.
Hey, Ms. Twicker, how's it going?
Hey, Mr. Dooley. So, where you staying when you're here in Vegas?
Oh, right here.
Well, bull semen is property, and that property isn't yours so it's theft.
Now, here's what I think happened. You know Cody. He's at the end of his career. He's a little down on his luck. Never put any money aside. Wintwister's output goes for 20 grand a pop on the open market. So, you and Cody, you get together, you do the deed and ... uh ... sell it on the sly.
And then when he told his girlfriend, you took his truck.
Even when it was to hunt down his girl?
So, there is a third guy?
Okay, so who is working with you on this, Cash, huh? Who was at the wheel of Cody's truck when you ran down that girl? Was it someone in the arena?
What's this, a cowboy code of silence? Look, you want to make me compel fingerprints from everyone working in that arena, I can do that.
I got a 440 exiting the east end of the arena. Head him off.
Well, howdy, partner. This is a new experience for me. First time I caught me a cattle rustler.
Then Cody Latshaw came in drunk and itching for a fight.
Then you tried to make it look like an accident.
But you didn't have to run over his girlfriend.
Yeah, you didn't know?
So she's the one you suspect is missing?
I'll take that.
When was the last time you saw her? 
Did anyone see her leave the building?
I'll send a patrol car to her house. You said there was a break in. Why don't you show me?
Now, I know this may come as a shock to most of you, and I'm sorry for your loss. I understand that Weatherly Adams was a long-time member of this company ...
Uh, sir, we just found the body about an hour ago.
We're just beginning our investigation.
Now, I'm going to have to look at your IDs and I'm going to take statements and fingerprints from all of you. And I thank you in advance for your cooperation.
No.
Uh, who are you?
Who's Zarco?
So he's done this before.
Do you have video surveillance by any chance?
Mr. Zarco ... tell me about you and Weatherly Adams.
And you trusted him?
But what?
So you started stalking her.
It is if you break in to do it.
So you came in through the window. Only this time, you got caught. You argued. She told you where to shove your flowers, and you thought to yourself, 'You know, do I really need this aggravation?' So you killed the bitch. I think you killed the bitch.
How should I know? 
Listen, Zarco, you whack job, you'd better focus! You focus.
Listen, buddy ...
So, you acknowledge having s*x with her?
We found traces of your skin under her fingernails. Maybe she wasn't into your 'process,' so you raped her.
You find that funny?
This what you do all day?
That still doesn't explain how your skin got under her fingernails.
Are you trying to make me throw up, Mr. Putrid?
Yeah, a lot of guys tell me that.
I don't know. Probably out for a nice dinner.
We've got nothing on him.
Yeah, get out of here while I'm still in a good mood.
We've got a warrant out for Mason Lafoon. We're looking for him now.
That's you, Mason. All six feet, three inches of you impersonating your brother, which makes you good for Weatherly's murder. You did that one, too, didn't you?
Oh, really? What, she axed herself in the back?
But you made it look like a murder, and then you framed your brother.
Yeah, but for that, you're going to send him to jail for the rest of his life?
Do you realize how much trouble you're in?
Why? What did he have to do with it?
Well, that would explain the animosity.
Jim Brass.
Chopper from the Strip? That's nice. That's my tax dollars at work?
No, but we have an ID on the female -- name is Carmen Davis. According to neighbors, she lives alone. Apparently no kids of her own. But if I find anything out, I'll let you know.
Well, he doesn't look like much, but then again, they never do.
You don't have to be polite, Jack. This is a federal case; you don't need my permission.
How you going to go at him?
Let him go. Look, you want to rendition him to Gitmo, be my guest, but in this house, we play by the rules. Now get your hand off the suspect.
You'll live. The woman these items belonged to is dead, along with a kid.
Shut up. You saw him the night before last. You talk to him? He say anything to you?
Hmm.
Good for you.
This is Captain Jim Brass, LVPD. Would you connect me to the surveillance room, please?
It's Brass.
Listen, the Boulder PD got a call from the principal at the local elementary school. Gina Farentino was supposed to pick up her son, only she didn't show up.
The kid's name is Kobe. Yeah, according to the principal, a guy fitting Wicker's description came and picked him up in the mother's car. He said the kid seemed to know him.
Nick, you in the dorm?
I'm with the resident director. He's ID'd the victim as Kira Dellinger. She's in Room 807. She's a freshman from McLean, Virginia. I guess I'm going to go notify the parents.
Yeah.
We're here to talk to you about Kira Dellinger.
History has a way of repeating itself, Marlon. You've killed before, you know?
Were you having s*x with her, Marlon?
Last night?
So you don't have an alibi.
I don't know, Sara. It's going to be tough to get a warrant.
Look, they had a known sexual relationship, so there's no evidence of rape. And I don't know if you know this, but Marlon's mother and father were killed in a car accident last year. Judge Bowman is going to be very sensitive to that. It could look like harassment.
Wow, you really got it out for this kid. What's the deal here, Sara?
Not according to a jury of his peers.
Excuse me?
Yeah, there usually is. What's your point, Sara?
Mr. Rockwell, do you know this girl?
When was the last time you saw her?
Hmm. Where?
Nice. How did that happen?
So she gave you a roll for old times' sake.
Is this the problem?
Then what? I want to know everything up until the time when you wrapped your car around that telephone pole.
So she was alive the last time you saw her.
She's dead.
Well, he gave it a shot, but she is way out of his league.
Guard found him about an hour ago. Said he didn't even make a sound.
Catherine. 
Guy was on his way to a landscaping job in Palm Springs. Saw a body sticking out of the sand.
Well, Jesus fasted in the desert.
Maybe her dome was shaved 'cause she spent time in the pen.
The only wild animal was the one who left her out here.
... Dust in the wind.
Emaciated, bald, and numbered. What does that remind you of?
I know it's tough, but we're going to need you to identify the body.
Someone from the coroner's office will get in touch with you.
Sure, I'll do my best.
Thanks for coming in.
The, uh ... 
The Jane Doe is Zoe Kessler. Her mother saw her picture on the news and identified her as her estranged daughter. I did a DMV check, and I have the victim's last known address.
There's something you should know. The mother's a friend of yours.
Lady Heather.
Apartment 106.
The landlord was getting ready to evict her.
Nothing sounds good in German.
Practice, practice, practice.
She died yesterday. Where's she been all this time?
Yeah. I'll check it out.
The pirate had one blue eye.
We know the woman who broke into your house, and you don't want to press charges?
You don't want us to look around, see if anything else was stolen?
How long have you worked at Betz?
Eighteen years. Oh. But that's a long way from your home to your office, isn't it?
The seat's wet.
You mean this guy's been down here in the parking lot dead all that time and no one noticed? That's weird.
Wolfowitz inherited this place from his parents. Took over the deed about ten years ago.
Sampling the company candy.
Jewish?
So I guess, uh, what nature couldn't fix, our Dr. Mengele could, is that it?
I'll call a paramedic.
