Hey, tough luck about the, uh, wife abuser getting released.
You think I wanted you to whiff out on that? Your reputation as an entomologist elevates this entire crime lab which elevates my stature by association.
You're dropping the ball in other areas, though. Administratively?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court.
Hey, he told my guy it was an emergency but I have it on good authority that he was gambling. 
At the Monaco.
That's right. On CSI time. I don't like him using one of my guys as a cover. I figure if he brings anybody down with him it should be from your shift. Don't you think?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court, but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
Grissom.
Night shift so slow you've got to pick over my cases?
He's a volunteer fireman, Gil. He knows how to start a fire and hide the evidence. Don't you think, if this guy was remotely innocent his attorney would be involved in your little investigation?
No, we are public servants. We investigate cases as efficiently as we can and then we move on. We're not a clearinghouse for defendants on the eve of trial who don't like what we've turned up.
Fine. Spin your wheels.
What the hell are you doing?
You're checking for faulty wiring? Waste of time, Gil. Fire started on the floor in the closet not in the wires in the wall.
A heater? There was no heater there.
And I suppose you happen to know which outlet it was plugged into?
That's a little far-fetched, don't you think?
All right, you say wall, I say floor. We differ on points of origin. The jury's only going to hear one word: Gasoline.
I personally swabbed the closet floor. Found traces of hydrocarbon chains confirming gasoline. Leave it alone, Gil. The DA agrees with me on this.
No, there's only one unanswered question. Why was there accelerant in the closet? Only one person knows. And that's why he's looking at the death penalty.
I didn't send anyone. It's been on the books for months.
If you'd have checked the docket like everybody else you would've known what was happening. Coffee?
Guess you don't want cream with that.
I need to speak with him.
Well, let me guess ... about his involvement with a dead hooker?
I realize that. Thank you. I just came from the lab. His prints were all over Kristy Hopkins' house. Let's see, wine glass ... oh, bedside table.
I need a DNA sample from you, Nick.
We found a condom, used.
A license plate number? Vehicle belongs to Jack Willman. Had a fight with Kristy Hopkins outside the Orpheus last night around midnight.
Well, I'll look into it but come on -- your fingerprints, your DNA --that's what's going into evidence.
You think I want to believe that a CSI could commit murder? Hell, I don't even want to believe that a CSI could sleep with a hooker.
Catherine, I'm sorry if you guys don't like where the evidence is pointing. But show me otherwise -- tell me I'm wrong. In the meantime, my hands are tied. I have protocol to follow.
Boy, if I ever get in trouble, I know which CSI I'm going to.
The witness sounds believable.
Ignore the evidence against Stokes it looks like special favors for CSI.
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
I just got off the phone with the Sheriff. He wants results, Gil.
No. What he should do is go to his first team-- my team.
Well, it is, and my crew usually wins.
You know, you can joke all you want. It's your ass on the line.
Like I said, it's all about results. And, if you don't get them I will.
I've been going over it.
What, you're afraid I'll find something that might show you up?
I don't care that you got some pimply-faced kid to confess. You kept the Sheriff out of the loop. That's a career-killer, Gil.
Willows. Just the person I wanted to see. I just signed off on the authorization to destroy evidence in the Stephanie Watson homicides since I was the primary, and then I learned tonight that the evidence has been checked out by you and Warrick. You care to explain that?
But Kelso didn't have an accomplice.
I paged Grissom.
Five years ago, there was this, uh, day-shift case, homicide.
Vic's clothing and suitcase were missing. Room was immaculate, smelled like disinfectant.
One difference. In the, uh, prior case, body was found in a first floor room. Sliding glass door facing the pool was unlocked.
Yeah. Ran it through CODIS. No hit. I asked Mia to compare it with the semen from the recent attack.
Only print we found. Impressed in Sue's blood on the bedspread near her hips. Underlying pattern on the fabric made it impossible to read.
Hey, detective.
Have you tried Grissom or Catherine?
Oh, that's right. Grissom's in court. 
Did you check ... ?
I'm the Assistant Lab Director.
Yes, I am.  I'll dust off my kit.
Had to refill my powders.
Did the coroner step in the blood?
Let's do it.
Congratulations.
Divorced.
I'm sorry, ma'am. We've been very busy. 
I'm going to need your shoes. We'll get them back to you. Even wash off the blood.
Where have you been?
A time-out?
I'm allergic. So tell me about James Billmeyer. Guy found at the Tangiers.
So where is he?
Maybe he's taking a time-out.
Maybe David probably moved him. 
A few years back, a body was prematurely sent to a mortician. Remember that?
Maybe someone in your department mislabeled the corpse?
Fine. When you find him, get back to me.
We have a situation.
No, no. Mr. Billmeyer didn't disappear. He's missing. There's a difference.
You prepped him for autopsy, right?
Walk me through that.
Everything you did to Mr. Billmeyer.
I was just thinking, David. I've lost my keys, sunglasses, even a wallet.
But I've never lost a body.
Find him, Phillips, or this goes on your record.
Get out! 
Get out. Out!
He died.
So you gave him your number ... to meet up later?
Good for you.
I hope this is a fire drill.
Looks more like he found us.
Doc, I want you to process the body ASAP.
I thought you were in court.
Very funny.
I think I remember how to do my job, Gil, thank you.
Whoever stole him probably sprayed his body with disinfectant to cover up the stench. You got cause of death?
So his heart stopped, he keeled over, hit his head on the pavement.
Do you think he was aware of his condition?
Anything else?
So somebody poured it down his throat?
Three. Two were yours, one was David's. See you later.
Anything?
Well, thank you. Why don't you quit blowing smoke and tell me about the cigar?
What do you got for me, Neil?
Good work, Neil. Good work.
The woman he met on the plane said he was heading to party in Seven Hills. I'll start there and then I'll head to Henderson. Okay?
You mind if we come in?
You, uh ... smoke Perdomo Reserve?
Do you know a Preston Hayburn? Paramedic from Henderson.
And then what? You decided to throw him a dead man's party?
If it means that much to you, pay your own way. Show a little dedication to your discipline.
One word: Plastic.
Over my dead body. Have you been to Grissom's office? You think the City of Las Vegas pays for his etymology library, his insect collection, his shrunken head collection? No. Take initiative. People notice.
Gil, Catherine. I want you to know, as far as I'm concerned, lab's only got one case tonight. Same for the rest of the department.
Everybody, I have some bad news. Uh, a little while ago, I spoke with the mayor directly. The City of Las Vegas is not going to finance a ransom. It's-it's against department policy to negotiate with terrorists. No exceptions.
Sir. 
I wish I could. Listen, I've been looking over my budget. There are a number of things we can do within the lab itself to raise the ransom.
We wouldn't have to. I'm proposing we eliminate all overtime on lab work except for priority cases, stop hiring based on attrition, reassign existing personnel based on peak staffing needs. Over the next fiscal year, that should clear at least a million.
I'll take the heat.
Maybe we should release it to the media. Someone might have unwittingly made a component of the miniature. If they came forward, that could help us.
Izzy Delancy is famous; the press wants answers.
Sara, this is your case, too -- what do you think?
Of course you do.
Just walk me through your interaction with the suspect.
Were you drinking?
Could you define 'physical'?
Catherine, you know what I'm asking, and it's not in the memo.
And you didn't?
All right. So ... when you put on the brakes, Mr. Novak ... got angry.
Guess we'll have to.
