Oh, don't touch it. That's my pot!
Yeah, you know, from my own private stash.  Blue Hawaiian -- $40 a pound. Only grown a couple times a year on the Big Island hand-picked to perfection.
Oh, is that alcohol on a bug bite? That's like butter on burns, man. Wives' tale.
It worked, didn't it?
Well, with all due respect, sir, it's not a baked potato. It's Braun's blood and with all the impurities in his system it might take a little extra time.
Did I ever tell you I used to live in New York?
Excuse me. You know, heroin has a nine-minute half-life. After that, it metabolizes into morphine.
A hundred fifty-eight  micrograms per liter. Again, not lethal. There's addicts walking around times square with more drugs in their system.
Oh, I was just going to tell you about another way to take heroin -- a suppository up the coolee. You just stand on your head, and then you let gravity ... 
... forget it.
There. Well, maybe not. The earring back -- not Janine's. But it was in the ear of a female.
What about black flag?
Process. Just because you got passed over, don't take it out on me.
Really? What would you call it, then?
Ah. 
Coal.
Wood.
And ... coconut shells.
Well, I think I hear some coffee perking.
First, I have the saliva sample taken from captain Brass's badge. Better known as Ellie's DNA. Take a good look at her markers. Second, blood sample from Jim Brass.
From parent to child seven of thirteen markers should match up minimum. In this case there's not a single marker in common. I don't have Ellie's mother's DNA on file but my guess is ... 
Not Brass's, not Ellie's. 
No, or her boyfriend Keith Driscoll. You still got a shooter out there.
Well, because I deal in DNA. The smallest sliver of epidermal tissue.
Scalp skin. Itchy. Can be embarrassing in social situations especially if one is wearing a dark shirt.
Good chance whoever moved the guy into the elevator ...
Hey, Catherine? Do you think Sara would ever go out with me?
So I was thinking. Maybe we could take our break at the same time.
Really.
Well, without the DNA sample from the hotel guy this test is pretty useless.
Well, just like the bra, I'm going to need a reference of her DNA in order to do anything, and that's not going to happen until ...
What?
Stripes.
Sara! I was just looking for you. Still up for break?
Uh ... inside-outside we're still looking for a reference for comparison but the epidermals are looking promising.
Sara and I were just going out for dinner.
Oh. Right.
That's the sample Catherine pulled off of the secretary's blouse and the hotel man's clothes -- same source.
Hey. I was just printing something out for you ... on your hot case.
Yeah, I ... I was... on break, had some time ... thought ... hey ...
Sorry, I drew a blank on the wife.
If you're here about the blood on Joan Marks' shoe, I already told Sara. I'm backed up.
Oh. Well, on that, I got an ID. 
Nope, but I ran a DNA profile on both victims. What do all sisters have in common? DNA.
So, did I solve the case?
So you got this water from a radiator?
Well, it ain't no Rocky Mountain Spring.
Nasty sodium count. Potassium, phosphorus.
You've got that look. What did I say right?
Well, that's impossible. The amelogenin on the follicle came back xx-- female.
That would work.
Is this the car the guy was killed in?
Now you know how I feel, like ten times a day. So what's this Millander guy's thing?
Hmm ... Pep boys receipt? Dry cleaning tags?
So what kind of paper item would you she into the center console in the heat of summer? 
When you say 'jump I say 'how high?' I found testosterone in female hair. Post pubescent female hair.
Well, this is. This testosterone's endogenous.
Injections. Supplements.
Or increase her s*x drive.  You know women do that. I read. None that I've ever met.
No, you were right. The substance is microcil-like but it's really old-school-- alginate. The book says that, uh ... makeup people used it up to the '70s to make molds and impressions. It's green, hence the 'algin' in 'alginate.'
The guy's pretty shrewd. 
Every murder comes back to a dead man.
Got it.
Processing it next, sir.
Okay. The hair you found in Pauline Millander's bedroom two x chromosomes-- female.
Well, Sara had me compare it to the hair found in the tub at the crime scene. They're a perfect match.  DNA identical.
Well ... not exactly. 
The blood's female. Definitely not Logan's.
The blood from the finger was diluted due to the ice. But I made a positive match.
So it was kind of like Getty's ear? They cut it off, sent it to the house?
Did you guys clean the table before putting the curtain on it?
'Cause I think your evidence got contaminated.
Oleic acid. Goes well with jelly.
Kind of feels like blackjack, you know? You guys all fanned around the table, holding your breath waiting to see which card I'll reveal next.
Right. Sorry. So, I have DNA samples from every male that lives with Jody Bradley full-time or weekends. First, I have Mike Kimble, the fiancé. Dead fiancé.
Sorry, Captain.
DNA takes a pair.
Third and last.
Just getting into the mind of a potential killer.
In a minute. First things first -- your contact lens was worn by a near-sighted person. And since I was born with perfect eyesight I'm experimenting with what it would feel like to be near-sighted.
Give me some credit. Borrowing a pair of lenses from Archie in A/V. Giving me a headache, though.
The GSMS does not kid around.
Uh, your sample's 91.
What's wrong with it?
It's clean. Television, couch. What else does a guy need?
Any blood?
I was captain of the high school chess squad.
Then why is there a World Chess Champion?
Well, s*x is physical. Is that a sport?
You know, I had a roommate in college freshman year, from Edmonton, went on to play for the Swedish Elite league. Anyways, he set his blade at half an inch, tops. And I should know, because he made me get them sharpened.
Well, that's as sharp as it gets. 
It's a tough blade to skate on. We're talking Wayne Gretzky style 
She's a liar, and a mother.
Yep.
Well, first I tested for the presence of shellfish -- crustacean free. And then I figured if she's hiding that what else is she hiding?
There was blood in the sample. Not uncommon in early pregnancy. Women get mucosal tears in their esophagus because they yak so much. So, I tested the blood for the presence of human choriogonadotropins. She is definitely with child. 
Catherine ... you seen any guys with a broken tooth lately?
Yeah, well, one of them is your suspect.
Oh, that tooth that you found at the bottom of the snow pile ... 
To the nasty-ass toenail that Sara found.
No, it belongs to a live guy.
Gold.
Hey. Got here as soon as I could.
All hands on deck. That was the call, right? Crims on the scene.
Come on. I'm capable.
No.
Oh, I feel bad. I just froze up.
I guess I just wasn't expecting blood to look like that. Pre-collection, so different.
How do you deal?
Anybody check the bus?
Just out of curiosity, what are the unobvious spots?
Yeah.
I get the picture.
Sorry.
Hey, boss. I had a feeling you were coming. I ran the DNA on that whiskey bottle. You'll never guess. It's not the bus driver but I do have an answer behind door number two. Seat number 1C. 
You heard about it, too?
That I ... messed up.
Well, then ... I enjoyed it fine.
I thought I told you I'd page you with the results.
Wrong question.
I took a snip, ran a crossed immuno-electrophoresis.
Didn't pass.
This is Pink. Pink, this is Warrick.
Do you know how hot you are? Ssss!
Yeah?
How mad is he?
Heard you were looking for me?
What's up?
Okay. But, I mean, you are the one who's doing the 'Forensic Spotlight' in the department newsletter.
Cool.
So, uh, what are you fuming?
Did she die of suffocation?
Cheese. Milk. Sweaters. What do these things have in common?
Ding, ding, ding. Fibers from the lady shrink, fibers from the boy. Both are angora.
Mm-hmm.
I think I smell something burning in the DNA lab. Love to stay and chat, but ...
I wouldn't break out that champagne just yet. Don't go shooting the messenger. Thumbprint from the nail.
FYI. Thirty swabs in six hours? Not realistic, all right? Even for me.
Lots and lots of epithelials. There were skin cells shed all over the blanket.
You're two-thirds of the way there. I also isolated a set of cells from another individual. Identity unknown. But when it's important to Nick here, I push further. Seven of the 13 markers matched your dead kid.
Yeah, your case just entered a whole new dimension of weird.
You smell like death.
You know ... a real man wouldn't mind.
DNA results, um ... sixteen samples from the apartment walls and the one we just took from the guy's arm.
Hey, I always double-check your stuff. But all the results are pointing one way.
That is my next run. Just a little backlogged.
Oh, not necessarily. Sample from the nosebleed's lamp. It's not his blood. And I don't know whose blood it is but the amelogenin came back with something pretty interesting: 'XX.'
Mm-hmm.
No. I heard about your case. Sounds interesting.
Bet it's liquid dishwashing soap.
Well, you know I used to do a little diving myself actually. Belize, Maui, Great Barrier Reef ... Okay, maybe I took that one a little too far. But the point is, that these rubber suits aren't very easy to put on. Neoprene and skin need a little romance to get together. And a capful of liquid soap works like a charm.
So, you check this safety valve?
And what about the pressure gauge?
It's 3,000 psi; that tank was full.
Yeah?
How?
Bags under the eyes, coffee cups, stress face. Any of this look familiar? I'm working on it.
No. I'm working on your case -- with Nick.
Excuse me.
Silphid beetle -- test for presence of human DNA.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yo, Cat ...
Sorry. Um, I've got a full profile on our -- 'your' torch. I pulled his DNA off of a cigarette butt. Lucky for us, he's a wet-lipped smoker.
Just get me something we can compare it to.
Blood from Jennings's denim shirt.
It means 'None Detected.' The dry cleaning baked in the blood and it also degraded it to a degree that I just can't get a result.
I have tried. It's chemically impossible, Sara. Nothing from nothing is nothing.
You think Einstein had people hovering over his shoulders all the time? If he did, do you think that we'd be walking around with e=mc squared t-shirts?
Would you step back? Just give me some breathing room?
Maybe I'll tell you something about the silver sliver that Grissom found on sandbox girl's back.
Let's see what the library has to say.
Tempered steel with aluminum coating.
If she was, she was wearing something pretty funky.
Yeah, in a matter of speaking. Remember that sparkly stuff that Grissom got off her body?
I broke it down -- tree sap, ammonia and water.
Liquid latex.
Really? It's all the craze right now, man. Girls paint it on guys. Guys paint it on girls. You can paint it on yourself if you want if that's what you're into. You can't get a date.
Like I would know.
None of which have been washed.
You know what a 'switch' is?
Oh, he's even got the lingo down.
You're so dialed into this case, I'll bet you don't need me to tell you which mask had her DNA.
You can't get any air through pens.
I found the victim's DNA on this mask and ... these two straws. Red mark: Victim; blue mark :... 
Dude, I rip.
Surfing's just a state of mind. 
Oh, relax, bro. The gc mass spec's working on it. Should be done, um ... 
... now.
Transmission fluid.
So?
Congratulations--you're looking for a Ford with a leak.
Which means it can't get very far.
Grissom ...  I need you, ASAP. Please.
So, ballistics sent me a bullet from the casino. It's a .45 so we know it came from one of the 'ladies'' guns.
No, but there was a foreign substance adhered to it.
Not exactly.
Tomato, to-mah-to, potato...
You bet. Strange, huh?
Real-life fairy dust. 
S-I ... O-2. Silica dust. Each particle's a hundred times smaller than a grain of sand.
What don't you know?
Blade #25: Not human.
Did you know that some doctors believe that oral bacteria have no other benefits than to make it impossible for other more vicious bacteria to take up residence in our mouths?
So, then I should just stop trying to impress you.
Okay. Well, results from the fight bite boy. 
I had to get it from an outside lab since we're not equipped to do bacterial DNA testing ourselves. Hint, hint.
Bacteria on his knuckles matches the natural bacteria in the chef's mouth.
Looks like he took a cheek swab of the chef with his own fist.
Mm-hmm.
I just got the results. Alcohol, acetate and red dye #58.
Mm-hmm.
The blouse from your vic's closet is stained. The substances are biological. High salt content.
Okay, blood from the bedroom chair and the kitchen belong to mom.
Hair from the freezer-- nicely preserved, by the way-- and hairs from the bedroom pillow, also the victim's.
The moral of my story -- share and share alleles. Pubic hairs in the bed, not mom's.
Well, venom's like perfume -- highly specific recipe. Protein ratios vary from species to species, even snake to snake. The protein level of your three 'hoses' doesn't match the sample taken from the vic's coffee cup.
Hey, Stokes?
We got to talk.
Yeah, yeah, it's a common plastic, polyethylterephthalate -- P.E.T.--
Yeah, but that's not what I wanted to talk about.
Look, I thought that we had a relationship. What are you doing taking Archie out into the field, instead of me?
Point taken.
The world may never know.
All work and no play make Greg a dull boy ...
Uh, low volume, no sperm.
Yeah, I knew you'd say that. 
Sorry.
Not anymore. I'm done. And no jokes about me being fast in this department. The ejaculate outside the first girl's window -- spank high. Good news: It does have DNA.
I don't know. Ran it through CODIS, nothing kicked out.
Well, I can tell you this about him: Really low sperm count. Sample hardly had any swimmers.
Hey, that can happen to any guy.
He-ya! About the blood on kung fu lady's clothes.
Eh ... If I had a dime ... anticipating that, I skipped dinner and ran the DNA through CODIS.
Turns out that your apartment hunter, that girly man, left his double helix behind at another crime scene.
They had nothing to compare it to at the time.
Mm-hmm.
No-needle syringe used on the vic at the foam party. I recovered some epithelials from the plunger end, compared them to your reference sample. That girl you have in custody ... 
... it's her DNA. Case closed.
For you.
I'm just trying to learn.
Well, the fiber you tweezed from that sweatshirt - trace pegged it as sisal.
What's under the scope?
Oh, hair. But cuticle's a single layer. Overlapping. 
You think the kidnapper used it as a lure? 
Hey, I hear you're working on Hank's case.
Territorial. You know, guys don't like that.
Well, I have some information that could bring us even closer. 
Well, did she?
So does that thing tell you why?
Well, maybe she had the 'munchies'. Tox screen came back. Mrs. Lambert tested positive for cannabis sativa.
'Grass'? So '70s, man. Sticky green, the dank, the chronic, the cush, happy stick, wacky-tobaccy ...
Yeah. 
... as a kite.
Well, as you both know ... Watson and Crick are the grand-daddies of DNA. Without their discoveries, I'd have nothing to do all day.
A tox report on your D.B., Ms. Pretty in pink. She died of carbon monoxide poisoning. Blood saturation level of 46.2%. No surprise there. Nicotine levels are high -- she was a smoker. And she popped a couple of sleeping pills that night.
What if I told you that Mr. Arnz had a carbon monoxide blood saturation level of 37% -- nearly 10% lower than his wife.
Nice theory, but what if I told you that Mr. Arnz had high nicotine levels as well.
Well, I don't know if this is going to help, but the sleeping pills are zolpidem. Prescription only. I thought I'd save you some time, talked to Lockwood. She didn't have a prescription, but her husband does.
Any luck?
Mm. Could have saved you the time. DNA beats tool marks every time, you know. I ran your blood samples. Got a match, all three of them.
Well, where did the parts come from?
Hey, boss. Um, I wasn't able to pull any DNA off your Vic's personal effects but I did find something else. Uh, those yellow on his belt ... I ran them through the GCMS.
Yeah. They're sulfur. 
Now, Warrick mentioned something about a missing coin collection. Now some dealers, bad ones-- use sulfur to polish up coins for sale.
Shake and bake.
So I figure that your killer is either a coin dealer or a collector. And he transferred the sulfur to the body when disposing of it.
Oh, my grandpa started me off with a 1909 V.D.B. 'S' Lincoln penny. Often referred to as a V.D.B. Because it bears the monogram of its engraver, Victor D. Brenner. It's a low mintage.
Weird, huh?
I heard that you dealt in coins.
Grissom. 
He's a friend of mine. We work together. Uh, looking to see what you got. I'd like to make a trade.
I've been meaning to get it slabbed.
I'd like to get myself a 1916 'd' dime. Been all over Vegas, can't find one. You got any?
Hey, so is mine. 
1907 Saint Goddins double eagle gold piece. I've only seen that in books.
I'll take it.
At least.
Ten-inch subs. 400 watts. Four channels? That's state-of-the-art. Those hot, too? It kind of looks like the de Lorean from back to the future.
That's Keith Mercer's blood. You know it and when I get back to the lab, I'm going to prove it.  I think you're busted.
Oh. Blood in the car is the victim's. 
Told you that dude was busted.
Well ... every time I make another DNA match in here, my world gets a little smaller. Out there ... felt large.
I'm not about the money.
Question is not what we're going to find on the murder weapon; question is what isn't on it.  The sticky substance?
Carpet fibers.
You want to race?
Hmm ...
99 bottles of beer on the wall / 99 bottles of beer / you swab one down / run it through CODIS / 98 bottles of beer on the wall. 
You know us lab rats have to do something to get through the day.
Well ... how about. Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes. He ain't heavy ...  ... He's my brother ... 
Five different donors -- two of them are related. Donor number one, Tim McCallum, the victim; donor number two, his relative, most likely a brother. 
No telling if he's heavy or not. 
All right, who wants it?
Well, according to your blood sample, naratriptamine.
Mm-hmm. Powerful stuff.
30 milligrams-- 12 times the recommended dosage.
To the Max.
They all drank themselves to death.
Naratriptamine -- Innoko water bottle, number three.
Clean.
Got it. Anything that might've mixed in with the poison could help us identify the original source.
Where are you going?
The poison in both bottles is naratriptamine. Same trace impurities in the water-- sulfides, phenols, amino acid complexes and caffeine.
What's the connection?
So, how are we going to get this guy?
One, two, three?
They took it to the airport. They x-rayed bottles in bulk using baggage scanners.
And so the poison I found in the Innoko water was... backwash. Which means that we're going to have to take the caps off of forty thousand bottles.
Naratriptamine comes in tablet form. In order to get it in the solution, you'd have to grind it up.
Maybe it got there during the grinding process.
The coffee you bagged from the club doesn't match the tainted Innoko water. That's the bad news.
You know what I have that you want in the mornings? Apart from my devilish grin and rakish good looks, of course.
No, no. You LOVE my coffee. And you want to know why? It's Blue Hawaiian. 40 bucks a pound, hand-picked ...
No, not even close. Just let me get there. Now caffeine by itself is not distinctive. It's in all kinds of coffee by definition. Now the trace amino acid complex, on the other hand, is a signature.
Kopi luwak. The most expensive coffee in the world. Revered for its rich, chocolatey texture and made from the excrement of a small indonesian cat-like creature known as a luwak.
The luwak eats only the ripest beans, which pass through its digestive system intact. However, during the process enzymes break down a number of amino acids which cause bitterness. 
So whichever one of your suspects drinks kopi luwak is your killer.
Normally I don't like to speak ill of the dead but, uh, Mr. Newman's sperm had company. Bad company.
Look at D-7. Three alleles.
Which can only mean one thing -- menage d'allele.
Percentage is too high. We're looking at a minor and a major sample.
The husband.
Nope.
Ibid. Major donor is still unaccounted for.
Driving someone else's porcelain bus?
The coroner left this in your mail slot.
Uh, Caesar salad. 
Oh, and Pele used an interesting dressing. PCP.
Well, it acts like one. But PCP's such a powerful drug it's in a class all its own: Disassociative anesthetic.
Yeah, after it takes you through the paces.
Uh ... twenty. Dude's dose was off the charts. I'm surprised he's still alive. 
Well, it's raw ... and it's definitely skin.
Hey, heard you nailed soccer boy for the murder.
Well, maybe there was someone else with them.
Yeah?
See, now we're getting into this whole strip forensics thing and I'm not so sure I can hang with that even if you are my boss.
Yeah. And you know, my grandfather got tossed from Norway for getting my grandmother pregnant before they got married. To this day, he still tells me 'som man reder sa ligger man.'
'One must lie in the bed one has made.'
Now, you're sure you want me to do this? Things could get loud in here.
So you want to tell me why we're doing this? GRISSOM: It's an experiment. 
What did you do to me?
I'm Hazmat meat. Quarantine, here I come.
Yeah, well, I'm not worried about the right foot.
Oh, great. It's probably fatal.
You infected me with mildew?
What?
Uh ... Match Game ... Nipsey Russell, Fannie Flagg game show network. Look, I don't have time for your humor. Ecklie's got a multiple, Warrick tells me his home invasion is my top priority and I'm still backed up on Catherine's no-suspect rape. One servant, many masters. You know what I'm saying?
Well, your stuff just moved to the top of the pile.
What do you got?
'Get ready to match the stars.'
I paged you, like, ten times.
Well, so was I. First, I processed Mr. Khandelwahl's clothing. Then I compared the DNA I lifted from said clothing to the DNA from the dirty dozen.
But what I do is art. And now, I'm ready to unveil it. Welcome to the new and improved match game.
Now, Graham Cooper grabbed Rajeeb's collar...
Claude Allen and Barry Lawrence used their fists ...
Joey Gillman, Bill Kendal and Rick Midgen got into it, too.
Well, only six of the twelve left behind their epithelials when their skin made contact with the vic's clothing. I've got no physical evidence to tie the others to the crime.
Speaking of twos ... I found blood from both victims on the knife. 
Hey.
Your spot of blood on the ice machine lid?
We've got three alleles on several loci.
One blood came back the vic's. The other came back unknown.
Here it is. Affirmative for female DNA.
Right here.
This is the same woman.
I'm not the allergy ace. I'm trying to get out in the field, and you're multitasking me in the lab.
You're also the one who took me off the case.
So what am I? Fish or fowl?
The biggies.
No, she didn't.
I don't care if Mr. Peanut was taking a bath in the vic's lunch. It's not what killed him.
I got the detailed results back from the assay test. The level of immunoglobulin e was insufficient to cause a lethal reaction.
No, uh-uh.
You rang?
Is that a rhetorical question?
Really? You dig chicks who dig fire?
Your hottie's matchbook collection came up dead.
True.
So, if the pyro didn't do it for love, and Mrs. A didn't do it for money, who's left?
Whatever happened to toilet paper and trees?
Everyone except for the little guy was getting high and getting by. The girl's on uppers, mom's on downers, and grandma sucks on the cancer stick.
Pants on fire.
Hey, guys? I found something.
No. You need to see this. Both of you. Now!
Please.
Sorry I didn't find the soda bottle.
I found it in a storm drain.
Two blocks west of the house.
I was just filling Nick in...
Uh, I was just getting started. I can do them both together.
The, uh, sweat from the uniform not a match to officer Fromansky.
Yeah. What's that guy doing so far away from the others?
So, when he asks if anybody has any questions, he's not really asking?
What should I do?
Nuts don't just pop off by themselves.
The roller coaster broke into one hundred and six parts. I just logged the final piece.
I found something a little unusual, for a roller coaster.
Not a sailor, but a ...
Or some kid shaking hands with shorty.
Right. But is it probative to our investigation?
Uh ... Jim Nevins.
I didn't realize the cars were relevant to our investigation.
That semen from the coaster's cab was just processed in my lab. All I can say is, Nevins was a cad.
Yup. And Sara spoke to Brass, who says Nevins was known for taking girls on private rides. Pharaoh's fever was his Spanish fly.
You know, I could've sworn I heard Grissom telling you to do this.
Apparently bloated fingertips.
Yeah, and a lot less accurate.
Your, uh, mummy prints.
Yeah, someone should really have a talk with that guy.
What's that?
The semen from the rape kit doesn't belong to Steve Jansson. No hits off CODIS either.
Hey.
Ah, should be ready any minute. Another baby. I hear the D.A.'s really gunning for the father. What do you think they're going to charge him with? Murder?
Sounds like a slap on the wrist to me.
The red stain in the car ... prophenerine malaeise. 
Heard you guys narrowed your search area to 44 square miles. That could take like months.
Your case is a boy-girl thing, right?
Body was washed up near Windmill Cove? 
These two coves to the north -- Cotton Wood Island, Tequila -- huge make-out spots. But nearly impossible to get to by land.
A gentleman never tells. Anyway, I thought that would be a good place to start. If you guys need an extra set of hands ...
Catherine ... Hey, I got your results. Found a therapeutic level of cough syrup in the baby's system, no more than the recommended dosage.
Maybe. I also found organophosphates, more specifically, disulfoton.
No cough syrup. No pesticides. Traces of monocycline.
Band-aid.
Maybe the Winston's didn't want Howard to suffer.
Hey, Catherine ...
A possible inconsistency.
So, there's good news and there's bad news. The bad news is this is the busiest lab in the country.
Oh, I've waited for you forever. I love you!
Nick! 
This is Chandra. 
Sara? 
I want you to meet my replacement. This is Chandra.
So, how was it?
Well, you took some vacation time, right?
Yeah? Okay.
Hey, how was it?
Well, that's the plan anyway. Would you like to see the boss's office?
Grissom ... I'd like to introduce you to Chandra Moore.
Great.  Let me show you to your new digs.
Okay.
I never seen this place with the lights on before. It's kind of like seeing a one-night stand in the morning for the first time.
Beer goggles.
Chaos.
Cartridge casings.
Bullet impact.
Victim was shot at close range ... in a crowd. Witnesses say there was a stampede. It's a good time to ditch a gun. Maybe it's still here.
Where are you going?
Hey, Grissom. Is that the burnt Polaroid from the nightclub?
Bobby Dawson confirms that this .32 auto from the club is indeed the murder weapon. He's running it through NCIC and pawn shops.
Sorry. I'm late.
Yeah, I recognize that guy in the picture.  From blitzkrieg? Manny, the club owner. So our first victim ... 
... strangled this guy with wire, ... 
... photographs it ...
... takes it to the club, burns it for some reason, and then takes one between the eyes himself?
Whoever shot him?
I like not being her anymore.
I don't know. I can tell you the toilets in the club had blue water.
Well, when you got to go, you got to go.
No.
Duct tape.
So the shooter stuck the gun in the toilet earlier to avoid the metal detector.
So if Manny is the shooter, why would he need to hide his own gun?
Check for prints.
I failed this one.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hey, Chandra, how was your first day?
I just got the call.
Where's Grissom?
Hey.
What are you doing?
Blood.
Hey, Mia.
Let me guess; you're listening to something classy like Jessica or Ashlee.
Oui, oui.
And what about the semen from Martha's SAE?
Really?
This guy's immune system doesn't recognize his own sperm. Antibodies are attacking the little guys.
November, 2003. Killer had a vasectomy, then had it reversed.
Thanks, Mia.
Get this -- the rapist's semen came back positive for cocaine.
I know that, but given our suspect's priors for blow, I had a tech run an immunoassay specific to the drug.
The gift show's in town. There aren't any vacancies on the strip.
I wouldn't know.
I'm bored.
Well, before committing a crime, a typical serial rapist will often m*st*rb*t* to his perfect rape-murder fantasy. Didn't wear a condom then, didn't want to wear one during the act. Besides, the DNA isn't on file. It wasn't much of a risk.
CSI's don't mind the bugs. 
If the DNA on this cup matches the seminal DNA, Grissom won't need a warrant. We'll be making an arrest.
Hey, Grissom, when you went to college did you live in the dorms?
So you're saying college isn't worth the expense?
Condom wrapper.
That vomit's also consistent with exposure to C.O.
There's a trace of semen on the door handle.
This one, too.
Trophy condoms.
When a stud scores, he announces his victory by putting his spoils on his neighbor's doorknob.
Spontaneous toilet combustion?
You think this has anything to do with the case?
I swabbed every square inch of this toilet. So far, no evidence of explosive powders or a detonation device.
Theoretically, pressure could have built up, broken a sewer pipe and shot up through the toilet.
I already checked. There's no methane gas in this region of Clare County.
Well, if dorm food is as bad as I can remember, we should consider explosive diarrhea.
Ladies, I just spoke with Western LVU's student affairs officer. Apparently, Trip's next-door neighbor, Zack Capola filed several grievances against him. I'm headed over there now.
You always do.
Me?
You had problems with his loud music, banging on the wall, used condoms hanging on your doorknob.
We're trying to figure out what happened to Trip and Paula. Earlier you said he wasn't such a bad guy.
What exactly are we looking for?
Most sources of carbon dioxide come from ...  ... factories, cars and volcanoes, not something we're gonna find in a dorm room.
Uh, s*x journal. 
Lists of girls ... dates ... and sexual activities.
I've never even heard of some of these.
Never mind.
Ah, you're a car buff, huh?
Yeah, me, too. I always wanted a Testarossa. What about you, what's your dream car?
Does anyone else have access to your room?
Excuse me. 
I don't see anything but a couple pieces of balled up paper and a soda can. Nothing incendiary.
Well, what are you thinking?
The only thing I can think of is dry ice.
Yeah, but can you put enough dry ice in Zack's room to raise the amount of carbon dioxide in Trip's room to a lethal level?
Level's only 1.2. We need more dry ice.
I think I know why the bodies turned pink.
Dry ice is cold. The dry ice significantly lowered the temperature in both rooms, and the drastic decrease in temperature can turn a dead body pink. We see it all the time when we pull dead bodies from frozen rivers.
I'll have P.D. run a credit card check on everyone in the dorm, see if anyone recently purchased a large quantity of dry ice.
I found this toilet behind my apartment complex. It's, uh, volunteered for an experiment.
I put dry ice in the bowl.
When the ice was flushed, it would've lodged in the drain trap. As the ice sublimated and gas was released, it would've built up, causing the toilet to explode.
And, uh, P.D. checked credit card records. No one in that dorm bought dry ice on credit.
There's only two retail outlets in twenty miles that sell it, and no one's purchased a large quantity of dry ice in the last few weeks.
Well, I think I explained the explode-a-potty.
Have you ... seen this before?
Trip kept record of his, uh, relationships with women. Your name is in here. Three times. On, uh, February 2nd, you hooked up for the first time. Looks like second base. On February 9th, you rounded third, and on February
You knew Zack was in L.A., so you broke into his room during the day and drilled a hole in the wall.
Later that night, you returned.
Trip and Paula were asleep, passed out from the alcohol. When the ice evaporated, the gas engulfed the room, killing them.
So drilling the hole in the wall and leaving the ice behind was an accident?
I think I got it.
All right, well, I've never been one to take the path of least resistance, so I'm going for the dirt road. One dice.
Yeah, well, at least I had a style to change.  One, two, three, four. 'Take a Duke card.' What's a Duke card?
Okay, so Duke cards, good; Hazzard cards, bad.
'You jumped over a pile of rocks. Move five extra spaces.'
Yeah-hoo.
I think I'm having it right now.
Grissom, I pulled all of Nick's active and recent cases.
Got it.
I remember. Top of the pile.
Assuming he was in that truck.
So far, none of Nick's active or recent cases stands out. And his old stalker's still bend bars.
Well, pick one. There's three.
Give me a break. I haven't done this before.
That gives us the radius for the search area.
Got it.
I'll get a map.
Hey, I found a trigger wire. Maybe ... once we reassemble all the components, we'll be able to tell where the bomb came from. Maybe that ...
Was that necessary? Never mind my clothes. Look at the evidence.
Hey, guys, come here. I found something.
Look at this.
There's something underneath there.
Another over here.
Do you think Nick could be under here?
I don't know.
And the data from the black box in Walter Gordon's truck gave us a 23-mile travel radius.
You paged.
I give up.
Mia Dickerson, Warrick Brown.
Just hedging my bets.
Well, I need field experience, but before I get that, I need to find a replacement. So far, I'm oh-for-one. Plus, she's hot and thinks you're a tool, so I'm way ahead.
His. And only his.
Synthetic. Probably from a wig.
I know. I'm just trying to make the transition seamless. Forget I'm here. 
So would you like to grab a bite later? I know a diner down the street that serves a mean liver and onions.
Never ever?
Really?
Wow.
Oh, blowing out the candles.
Well, yeah, with searching April's apartment, maybe finding the bad guy.
Oh, I'm smiling on the inside.
Thanks.
April own a computer?
Well, she MapQuest the directions to the convenience store from the pedophile's address.
I re-tested the t-shirt and the blanket. The blood still matches Alicia Perez. The evidence supports this ... unless you'd like to second-guess that also.
We all have to learn how to accept change. Mia's doing a great job. It would be nice if someone other than me said so.
I compared that to the other blood evidence. It's also match to the victim.
Just kidding. He, uh, went to get something to eat. Brass just went into surgery. 
You two have known each other for a long time.
Just between you and me, does he always wear a suit? Like when you guys go to dinner, the movies or whatever it is you do when you hang out. 'Cause I got to tell you, thought of him in a sweater kind of freaks me out. 
No kidding.  I just assumed ...
The test fire bullet matches the evidence bullet.
You run the serial number?
Thanks.
You sell it?
What's your paralegal's name?
You still keep in touch with her?
All right, well, thanks, Mr. McWane.
He claims he gave you his gun several years back.
It was recently used in a homicide.
So, the gun's no longer in your possession?
Do you remember who you lost it to?
Can you tell me anything about the guy who won the gun?
'Cy,' short for, uh, 'cyclops'?
Thanks for your help.
It was lost in a poker game.
No, but he has a large mole between his eyes and his nickname's 'Cy.'
Okay.
Wow, busy night. Any details?
Was the current on when you found the body?
Maybe he was high. Passes out and falls in?
Kind of tough to drown in three inches of water.
But the machine's off at night, and it was off when they found the body.
Which means someone turned it off after he was dead.
Unappetizing place to get your rocks off.
You got something?
Registration's expired. Want to bet she's not insured?
Oh, that's a good neighborhood. Well, this used to be a nice car. Maybe she traded in her old lifestyle to ride the 'H' train.
I ran Monique Carter's phone records. Someone made a dozen calls from her cell yesterday.
Yeah, and we recovered her phone from her apartment, so someone was yakking while she was lying dead on the floor dead.
Manager said he saw a guy driving.
She was a lawyer. Suspended for failure to pay her Bar Association dues.
Or you think you're too smart to get addicted.
What, have you guys been listening to Hodges?
We see that all the time. I don't think it's a coincidence.
Why would she do that?
Well, at least we know where it is.
Reverse forensics?
How could you think that we wouldn't figure it out? It's kind of what we do.
Three calls were made from Monique's cell phone to Simon's strip club after she died.
He was using her phone to do business, thinking it was safe.
Oh, yeah, the last call was made to his wife's cell.
Hey, Sara, I heard we got another miniature. Is that true?
No kidding?
SOP. Snail mail, email, bank accounts, police records, Google. All I got was he's a widower. Received his wife's Social Security benefits.
Finally rescheduled my deposition for the civil suit.
You know, Demitrius James's family is suing the city for 3.5 million.
There's no record of a son, but it sure looks like it.
Did you get the boy's name?
Hey, Sara, check this out. I was digging through Mannleigh Chicken's employee health insurance records ... 
Izzy Delancy's animal rights PSA forced the company to clean up its act in all departments. Anyway, Ernie Dell had one dependent listed: a son.
Yeah, the man loved his trains. Lionel changed his name to Mitchell Douglas after he turned eighteen, and get this. He did time in a halfway house after getting busted for fentanyl.
Grissom, we may have caught a break on Barbara Tallman. She did pro bono work at Lionel Dell's halfway house.
Wish I had one of these back in high school.
No. No, a love shack. Back seat of my car got real old, real fast. I was getting so much play my senior year, I seriously considered getting a hearse.
Well, I don't think they were working out. Looks like what started out as a good time went bad.
I'm not seeing any evidence of other people. It's possible that the basketball player snapped, killed the cheerleader, took her body and drove off.
He starts out the big romantic ...
And that's when things went south.
She pushes him off, makes a run for it. But he realizes that an attempted rape charge might crash a Duke scholarship, so he chases her down and bashes her head in.
It doesn't.
You take out the basketball player. Grab her, take her somewhere more private.
Accident debris. Broken turn signal light. Lots of pieces of grille for a physical match. Shoes match the description of the sneakers Megan Cooper was wearing last night.
So far, the only blood I found was on the shoes.
Yeah. In the equipment shed.
'Danger'? It looks like lipstick.
Handheld camera. There's a light in the room. Someone opened the door. There's got to be more than one person yanking his chain.
Maybe both.
Sheila.
You been up there yet?
What did you find?
She's wearing socks.
Means one of them must have been in here at some point.
I don't think this was her room.
Looks like the bindings were cut from the sheets.
It takes at least a few minutes to cut up a sheet.
So he was with Cammie when Jenn tried to escape.
He must have gone to the bathroom, cleaned off the knife, then dragged Jenn down the hallway to kill her.
Wendy swabbed the ligatures cut from the sheet for epithelials. Each knot had one DNA source on it--female, but not from the victim who was tied up.
It was all Wendy.
$2.5 million? That's like saying I'm the guilty one.
So they did throw me under the bus.
I can't believe you're leaving Izzy Delancy's death scene. Groupies are already starting to gather.
So the aging rocker bit it in the kitchen with the marble rolling pin?
I looked into the key that Izzy swallowed. Turns out that Bumblebee is a safe company. Sofia asked Madeline about it. She says she knew that there was a safe in the house but didn't know where it was -- my kind of marriage.
Right. So if robbery was the motive for murder and Izzy swallowed the key to keep something hidden, maybe whatever is in that safe will lead us to who.
Oh, I dug deep.
Sounds like motive to me.
These files are out of control. Typos, white-outs, names missing, whole sections missing.
Ernie Dell's foster child. Donna Catalani. Lived with the Dells for a year. Her CASA report came with a supplemental. They forgot to black out her social security number.
We can use that to track her down, unless the adoptives changed it.
Why can't Days keep anybody?
The doll's still alive. That means Sara's still alive.
Give me the first six.
Okay, I got it. 
A 2007 red Mustang totaled outside The Trip Wire Bar six weeks ago. Driver fatality. DWI. Car went to scrap. Lead CSI on the case -- Sara Sidle.
Eagle Scout. I didn't earn a chestful of merit badges for nothing.
You see anything interesting up there?
She was hot.
It's a no-brainer. I guess that makes me the search party.
It's hard to crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
Don't think she'll be needing it, but ... I found her cell phone. 
Today was my first jury trial. 
Well, maybe I just don't want the day to end.
So good the prosecutor took me to dinner.
Yeah, she was icing.  I was just happy to finally see a case from the crime scene to the courtroom. We freakin' buried the guy. It was bad ass. I dropped the hammer ... he was squirming in his chair.
Five different patterns.
So did this work boot.
I wore Doc Martens in high school. It was the style.
Yeah, they kind of ruined it for everyone.
Sure looks like hate to me.
Thank you.
Related to the earlier 415s?
All right. Who's my wingman?
Primary.  Nice.
Control, control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help.
Okay, I got an assault in progress one alley south of Casino Central Drive, cross street Shane.
Multiple suspects. Could be the guys who've been doing it all night.
I don't know. I don't know. Ma'am, please, listen. You got to get here quicker than this.
Move!
Get out of here!
Sara ... 
I can't ... but I know that Sidle scent.
I scratched one of them.
And you should check my vest. I think the same guy s-spit on me. 
And one of their cars crashed into the Denali. I guarantee there's transfer on it. 
You should process the scene now. Me later.
Grissom.
Well, at least I can see now. The guy they beat up ... how is he?
What about the other guy? The guy I hit.
Is he, like, a gangbanger or something?
He gonna be okay?
Mmph.
They still think I'm in the lab.
When I was in high school ... I never played any sports. No football, no basketball. Definitely no hockey.
Well, it wasn't by choice. My mom wanted four kids. Ended up with only one. She always made sure I stayed close. If I got a nosebleed, she'd take me to the ER.
My mom's gonna freak.
Hey. How you doing?
You're welcome. 
I'll look you up.
Control, Control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help.
Ma'am, please, they gotta get here quicker than this.
Why is Trueblood letting her do this?
Now you tell me.
Nichols was right. This isn't a trial, it's a circus. 
I feel like I should say something.
I don't know. 
I just want to be able to sleep again.
I do.
'Control, Control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help.' 
I don't know, I don't know. Ma'am, please, listen. They gotta get here quicker than this.
I thought I'd try to break up the mob. I turned into the alley, hit the horn, yelled, anything.
Not entirely. One guy decided not to run away. Instead, he turned around, picked up a rock ... and moved like he was going to finish off the victim. But he turned and started coming at me with it.
Yes.
No.
I thought that he could make me his next target. I thought he wanted to kill me. No matter what, I knew that I had to incapacitate him.
No. I wish he hadn't come at me. I wish that he had just run away.
I don't think so.
Yes.
I ... wasn't on shift, and I only had ...
Alcohol wasn't ... a factor. ADA Ulrich insisted on ordering the wine. I drank half a glass. About six ounces. At my weight, 150, that would give me a blood-alcohol content of .02%. Even without food, the alcohol burn-off rate would be .015% per hour ... meaning that there was no alcohol in my bloodstream after ninety minutes, well before I reported for my shift and about ... seven hours before the incident.
It's okay. I think they may have it right.
Hey, boss, unless you need me for something, I'm gonna take off.
I'm glad you think so.
Dispatch said body at a dump.
Whatever bit her must have been at it for a while.
Disposing of animals like this is illegal. Whoever dumped the vic must have known about the site from dumping dogs.
Please stand up.
One pair of woman's shoes, size 7, silver. Swabbed a blood sample from the instep of the right shoe, sent it to DNA. One woman's handbag, also silver.
... one set of keys holding four -- no, five keys --one Mercedes key, one Schlage brass key.
Steve Card was lying when he said he was the only one with the key to the drug cabinet. Elizabeth had one, too.
Got a print.
Threw her that far, he must have been going at least ... 45.  Tiffany Rigdon, 27, local.
Thanks.
Bunch of empty liquor miniatures. Card key from Pike's Gambling Hall.
RO is Cody Latshaw – Elk City, Oklahoma.
Yeah. Boy, he had a hell of a night.
He gets humiliated ...
... hits a pedestrian ...
... he ditches the car, walks a couple of blocks to the arena, joyrides a bull, and then ends up getting stomped to death?
Lot of tools back here.
What have we here?  Some kind of cattle prod?
So not from a human donor?
You know, I think we got the picture.
I think I know what this is for.
At a close range.
Cowboys, cattle rustling, and now a shooting at the dance hall.
According to the marriage bureau, Troy Birkhart and Tiffany Rigdon got their license just before midnight.
How long did he wait?
Yeah, and she was killed at 2:30.
What's up?
Yeah. And the blond always lives.  Aren't you glad it wasn't a movie?
About six hours.
Definitely.
Okay, sure. Um ... Carmen Davis's keys were still in her purse; the car's outside. No cash in the wallet, and the credit cards have been removed and neatly stacked on the table; it appears as though they've been wiped clean. The killer was smart enough not to take anything that could be traced.
Hey, guys. I found an empty jewelry box in the bedroom. Maybe the killer swiped the jewelry in addition to the cash. Easy to fence in this neighborhood.
Nope.
No, just a lot of romance novels, mysteries and women's health.
Hey.
Nope. There's no cameras, only key cards, but according to the residence director, the door's propped open all the time anyway.
Kind of hard to tell the difference between a struggle and a typical college dorm room.
Hmm. 'X' marks the girl. Symbol for a 'straight edge' lifestyle. Abstinence from drugs, tobacco, alcohol ...
... but not s*x.
So, pretty brave for college.
Looks like our vic was in a Goth band. You know, I used to be Goth.
Yeah, the Goth thing was just an act. Chicks dug it.
You act depressed to get chicks, you get depressed chicks.
If you've got a band, you've got a blog.
With the last post a couple hours before she died.
Well, most date rape victims know their assailants, and Kira was an active blogger, so I figured if she was having trouble with anyone, she'd probably talk about it online. Some people just don't value privacy.
Whatever.
Looks like a virtual love triangle to me. My guess isDrummerBoy19 is Marlon.
That could be a threat.
Jordan Rockwell. I guess he values openness, too.
According to Brass, officers at the crash scene suspected that Jordan Rockwell was under the influence, so the hospital ran a tox panel.
Well, if they did, it wasn't in anything we tested. Hodges ran all the water bottles and soda cans we collected from the room -- no GHB in anything.
I think I might be able to help you out there.
I found a Friend Agenda page for Kira and Marlon's band, the Death Crusade.
Well, TDC, as they're called, has quite a solid fan base on campus.
Yeah. Marlon must've been thrilled. 
Yo.
Bullet is a .25 auto caliber Winchester full metal jacket. You can't shoot .25s from a .22 caliber pistol.
Which means the semi-automatic you found in Alice Granger's car isn't the murder weapon.
Okay, well, did you know that the gun is registered to a Douglas Granger?
Hey. Your suspect, Jeff Simon, just got released from custody.
His alibi checked out. I talked to the cop who pulled him over for speeding, at 2:15 A.M., right around T.O.D.
They jammed him for over an hour. I mean, made him walk the line, gave him a breathalyzer, the whole nine.
Guy confessed to stalking. At least you got him on that.
What brought Zoe in?
Was there a problem?
Put a TV in there, it wouldn't be half bad.
You worried about hanky-panky?
This clinic is like Hotel California: You can check in any time you like, but you might never leave. Zoe Kessler and Captain Jack were part of the same sleep study.
A dozen. I have called all of them on the list. They're intact, and none of them are numbered.
Wolfowitz said Zoe left in the middle of the night on the 13th.
I don't know, but according to their records, he also left early.
Well, she doesn't look freaked out. Looks like she's sleeping like a baby.
Okay, so she gets up ... gets out.
Well, she didn't just pop out of bed, she was woken up by someone. How much you want to bet that's Wolfowitz in the doorway?
A trip to the bathroom, maybe?
