I didn't page you.
You're checking up on me again.
You think if you hover, the FTIR will work faster?
Hey, boss.
Nice timing.
It may be pure, but it's not solid. Micro-pores. Sample's under the scope.
Spiral gouges. Check it out.
Give me more time -- I'm not a miracle worker.
I wasn't being 'rude', I was being 'curt'. 'Rude' would be, 'When I know, you'll know.'  Friends?
More specifically, crystallized calcium fluoride.
Please. I.R. says 'fluorspar'. I say 'high-end optics'.
'The nose' has arrived.
It's a blessing and a curse.
Hints of stale beer and ... cheese whiz. But I don't smell any cyanide.
Anytime.
Just so you know, I moved all your trace evidence up to the top of my pile.
Huh. Low in nicotine, high in furfural. I compared it to other tobacco samples from the exemplar collection. It's consistent with the Perdomo Reserve brand. I took the liberty of calling a cigar society. They referred me to the Vegas distributor. Spoke to him directly. Perdomos are very high-end.
Actually, yeah. Conrad was about to pat me on the back.
I have a number.
Yes.
The object of the game is to be the first one to make it to Uncle Jesse's farm without running into Roscoe. Now, there's two ways to do that. You can either take the dirt road or the highway. Dirt road is slower because you can only roll with one dice, but it's safe because you don't run into any of the Hazzard cards that you would find on the highway, right? 
But when you are on the highway, you get to roll two dice, which makes you go faster. 
Pretend I'm gonna take the highway, so I'm gonna move General Lee eight spaces.  One, two, three, four, five ... eight. 
I hit a Hazzard card.  'Cooter splashes mud on your windshield.'
Think you got it?
All right, cool.
You know, far be it from me to wax nostalgic, but, uh, I kind of miss the old Greg. Ugly t-shirts, goofy hair, semi-pornographic magazines ...
Duke cards are good. You want one of those 'cause it gets you through the dirt road a lot faster.
Correct.
Nice.
Oh, and by the way, uh ... this is just the work me. You haven't had the full David Hodges experience.
I'm using your track and wheelbase measurements plus or minus five percent to account for rain-shadowing and/or drying effects.
Don't touch the edge of it!
Security! Security!
Hold still. Hold still. Hold still.
Guy comes in here with a package with no return address.
Way the guy was pawing that envelope, I figure I better get it away from him before he wipes off all the trace.
It's about Nick.
Now, what are those?
Hmm.
Yeah. Hey, boss ...
That's great. Wai-wait. Don't-don't hang up. Just-just listen.
Those dimples on the bottom of the prototype. GCMS found traces of semtex on each one.
White residue on your guy's so-called waist was topical cortisone, prescription strength. 
He was doing more than scratching. Topical doesn't get absorbed into the bloodstream. But Henry says that the guy's blood was flooded with cortisone.
I'm a 32-incher myself. Same as in college.
Women aren't the only ones who feel the pressure to look good. Time was, having a rotund belly was a sign of prosperity and success. Now it just means you're a lazy glutton, not getting any.
The fibers from the victim's long johns are consistent with the fibers found in the burned-up clothes.
Raw wool, dyed grey.
No one from my database. But I did find pomegranate berry extract used to turn wool dye in the 1800s. 
Means that the fabric was old. Vintage clothing, maybe?
I'm only one highlygifted person. 
I'll let you know.
Your black-and-white particles were composed of plagioclase, biotite, hornblende and pyroxene.
You remember your geology.
Lucky guy.
Made a few calls. There's only one slab yard in Clark County that works with diorite. It's on Alonzo Avenue across the street from the old theater.
Your white blouse. The results are printing.
It seems like you and Grissom were having a fairly intense conversation. Can I ask ... ?
I ran the S.E.M. over the adhesive disks and confirmed gunshot residue.
The green trace on your old lady.
Adipic acid, disodium phosphate, sodium citrate, fumaric acid, Yellow
Oh, come on. There's always room for it.
Jell-O. Lime Jell-O.
I tell you what. You tell me why.
Whoo, whoo-whoo!
Yeah, but it's Locomotive-ville. 
Sorry. Thought you might be a member.
That's K-E-P-P-L-E-R, Michael Keppler. 
Yeah, check it out. Okay, I got to go.
Ten to one, it's Internal Affairs. Got a vibe off Keppler the minute he blew in. Always with a suit. If you got any dirty laundry, I hope you used bleach.
FYI, Bobby Dawson is a bit of a control freak. Doesn't like anyone in here unsupervised. So he got one accidental discharge on his record. I'm sure he doesn't want another one. Unless ... of course, this is an IA investigation, and, uh, Bobby is his subject. 
Interesting that Grissom, champion of the little guys, is on sabbatical.
Hey, how's the king of property crimes? My socks keep disappearing in the dryer. You want to tackle that one?
That's not your cup. It's from Catherine and Warrick's 420.
Same everything. Watch the news lately?
Hey, what about my socks? They're not gonna find themselves.
You running your own samples? Smart, considering that you're the odds-on favorite in the IA pool.
Oh, yeah.
That would be me.
Grissom.
Hey, boss. We're ordering out for breakfast.
Mr. K. Kobayashi-Maru. It's in reference to ...
My little Kobe? No way. Vegas is coyote country.
Tsk, tsk. Looks like he's been in the milk.
So they're going to be poisoned.
Well, you can't figure that out on an empty stomach. If you don't like this restaurant, there's plenty of others to choose from.
In.
So, she wasn't poisoned, huh?
Nice lungs.
I feel for the guy, but he just made our job a lot harder.
Trace report on the second crime scene or ... or should I say second murder? Crime scene is the same. 
Haven't finished processing all the samples, but the water from the vase is consistent with the water found on the victim's clothing.
I knew you'd ask that. Well, I had this girlfriend who was a florist ...
You remembered. Anyway ... she said that if you add a few drops of bleach to your water, it kills bacteria, and gives your flowers a nice long life, but add too much ... the flowers die.
I'd know those footsteps anywhere. The glass you found on the track is optical glass. Camera lens, not spectacle. Camera lenses have one side that's round and one side that's flat for a high refractive index.
It also has magnesium fluoride and calcium fluoride coatings for anti-reflection. 
You're looking for a high-end, non-compact camera -- Nikon, Leica, or Canon -- that's missing its lens.
Sara, the knife tip Doc Robbins extracted from Becca Mayford isn't metal, it's ceramic ... and extremely sharp. I accept your thank you in advance and you're welcome.
Hello? Uh, no, ma'am, Libby's not here. My name is David Hodges. I work for the Las Vegas Crime Lab. Well, ma'am, uh ... I can't really say ... but I can give you the number of someone who can. 
Did your daughter Libby wear a heart-shaped necklace? 
Y-Y-Yes, yeah, I-I'm still here. Uh, ma'am ... I don't know quite how to say this, but, um ... I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Ran a laser ablation on the knife tip from Becca's spine. Zirconium oxide, otherwise known as ceramic. Basically, ceramic is glass. Both the exemplar that you got from the reporter and the murder weapon have the same composition, color, texture and thickness.
You find me the broken knife, and I'll match the tip.
Nothing.
You ever do the right thing and still feel guilty about it?
Yeah.
Oh, thank you, but there's no drinking or eating allowed in the lab.
My bad.
Did you run out of proper swabs?
What's the case number?
Hey. What? Have you been shaving with a broken beer bottle?
Yeah. I heard you pulled the friggin' idiot's friend out of a burning car.
Oh, so humble. You know, some people are just destined for greatness.
Sure. You mean the engine black over canary yellow paint chips from a Ford automobile? Yeah. If I had a yellow car, I'd paint over it, too.
Page two.
I just finished a diabolical soduku in six minutes flat. I'm positive.
What did you have for lunch? I had a ham sandwich. Hmm? It's a clue. Your sandwich.
The paint chips you collected are from two different cars, stuck together as a result of impact. Yellow paint, black paint, clear coat. The other half -- clear coat, black paint, yellow paint, clear coat, white.
One half of the sandwich is from Dru's 29.
You're looking for a white Ford that's been repainted yellow and black.
I found a common element in all four miniatures: bleach.
Hey, boss, heard you got a lead on another one of the Dell fosters.
Okay. That's good. One less suspect.
Processed the sweater found at the liquor store. Found blood. 
Sent it to DNA. Wendy found two types, matched both to your vics. She also ran saliva on Greg's jacket. Came back unknown male. Same unknown male that Greg scratched.
Nice map.
My old neighborhood. What do you see?
In what?
We're talking about humans here, not bugs.
So this guy Dean probably was not a victim of this swarm, or he's lying.
He swarmed himself?
I know that look. You just figured something out.
This is much better than dead rock star kitchen. The whole al fresco thing?  Please?
So the doll was originally glued to the back of the chair.
Well, if that's the case, then how did the killer expect to ... kill her?
The white flaky trace on your victim's feet was permethrin, an insect repellent, also used in flea dips.
No flea dip, no dog hairs, no blood. Just a little bit of champagne and some underarm deodorant.
So how crazy was last night? You. Me. Dinner?
I thought the Syrah was quite nice.
Oh, no problem. Let it be known, that I am nothing if not a gentleman.
The Golden Rule. Always treat yourself the way you would like others to treat you.
What are you working on?
DODIS.
Well, that'll look good on the old Grissom point meter.
I'm just saying, be careful: no one likes a kiss-ass.
Cotton fiber. Appears to be bloodstained. I need another piece for comparison.
Yes, ma'am.
Cowboy had a roll in the hay. Either he's messy or ... uh ... we could have a Brokeback Mountain situation.
Me, too.
You know, it takes a big man to admit that. And I am that man.
Fibers from the bull are consistent with Cody's shirt. Looks like Wintwister's a killer.
More cowbell! 
I processed these for you.
Well, as you can see, they're bull ropes. These are the kind that the riders hold in their hands. Every rider has one, and they're usually custom-made. I mean, look at that craftsmanship.
Yes, it is. Uh, you'll note that it is polynylon. Now the rope that was collected from the crime scene, though, was long sisal, a type of hemp. Very old-school, and they stopped making it years ago.
But perfect ...
--ly adequate. Better, in fact. 
Hey. The trace from the puncture wound came back. It's zinc, which is electrically coated onto steel to make galvanized pipe.
Special Agent Malone. David Hodges.  The granular powder that you found on the dead boy's neck and shirt was largely ammonium nitrates and sulfates -- commercial grade fertilizer.
Yeah, or any backyard.
So, I was curious about opportunities at the federal level. Pay scale, working conditions ...
Absolutely.
Kudos to you. The lube was indeed laced with GHB. Not hard to do if you know a little chemistry.
Which became a really bad trip.
Look at this. I didn't think my results were inconclusive and that I'll just have to wait till I get the tox results back from Henry.
Results from Alice Granger's jacket. Found trace elements of iron, chromium, manganese and carbon.
More specific, automotive sheet metal. The metallic balls would've been released into the air during the welding process.
Yes ... maybe. Turns out that the victim worked in a car dealership, so she could've gotten metal balls on the job. And just in case you're wondering, working here, I'm developing them too. 
