Las Vegas Air has issued no formal comment other than to stand by the actions taken by the flight crew. Meanwhile, the first-class passengers from the flight have been released ...
... and no charges will be filed. The airline provided a bus to their Las Vegas destinations. Our request for interviews were denied, leaving the events surrounding the death of Tony Candlewell a mystery.
There he is! Mr. Braun!
Does this mean your murder case will not be going to trial, Mr. Braun?
Are you and your Representatives in discussion with the District Attorney's office?
Could you elaborate on those discussions?
Do you feel vindicated by the Judge's decision?
Mr. Braun, do you have anything to say at all, sir?
Mr. Braun, could we get a comment?
Mr. Braun, do you have anything to say at all, sir?
Undersheriff McKeen, is this related to the Zamesca murder?
Right. Right, but his body was found near here -- 
Mr. Dennison, could we have a comment? REPORTER: Is this relating to the ...
Police have confirmed there are a total of six victims in the Green Valley showgirl murders. The names have not yet been released pending individual identification and notification of their families.
According to police sources, there are no suspects at this time. LVPD has asked anyone with any information to call the following hotline number: 702-555-0132.
Again, that number ...
Las Vegas PD has confirmed that David Marlon confessed earlier today to the murders of the six Green Valley showgirls. 
He was found within a block of the crime scene in an apparent suicide attempt. I've just been informed ...
... has confirmed the names of the six victims. They are Cammie ... Libby Cooperson 22, Becca Mayfield, 20 ...
... Lauren Walderson 21 and Emily Wilson, 19. Their families have organized a candlelight vigil that will begin here tonight.
I'm standing across from the Holiday Motel where a brutal beating just occurred a few hours ago. We have the footage which was recorded by an anonymous bystander's cell phone. 
Although the quality is poor, you can see several images assaulting the lone female victim. Anyone living near the strip is being told to stay at home until the assailant is caught. For anyone who has any information, please call 555-0155.
Mr. Sanders, Mr. Sanders, do you think the verdict was fair? Was your killing Demitrius James excusable? 
