Hey.
One of the residents reported smelling a gas leak at 6:00 a.m.
He, uh, called the gas company. They arrived; they evacuated the building.
The gas boys traced the leak to this apartment, and that was when they found ...
-- this.
Alyona Ivanovna. Manager said she's lived here alone for 27 years.
It doesn't necessarily indicate foul play.
I checked the doors and the window. There's no sign of forced entry.
Clear.
According to the management office, this apartment's a sublet, has been for years. He's not seen who lives here.
One of the other residents ID'd the tenant in the sublet apartment as Paula Sullivan.
Well, it's better than good. Apparently Paula Sullivan does a little day care on the side. We have a witness.
Manager said he found her like this when he came by for a visit. Said they were friends, but he was a little unclear of her name. Monique something or other.
I'll take a look around for it.
Car keys. Cell phone.
No 'Mom' or 'Dad' listed. There's a lot of food for a junkie.
Monique Carter, 155 North Court, Henderson.
It's a good way to cover your tracks.
Can you describe him?
Feed's good. Officer Kamen, how's your read?
We got a possible.
LVPD. Up against the wall.
What's your business here, sir?
This officer will explain everything to your satisfaction. Get him out of here.
All right, I know you must be exhausted from your brutal day in the field, but it's time to go.
Officer Kamen?
Not as sorry as I am.
Did you know Officer Kamen?
Me, neither. I was watching her die, and I didn't even realize it.
Yeah.
It doesn't make you feel any better either, does it? You know, the scene's been released. Ms. Tallman was pretty insistent. We offered to leave a uniform with her, but she wasn't having it.
So, what are you looking for? The miniature's complete.
Well, she was dressed like her. She died in the right position. So did the cat.
So, she's dead. That's four stiffs associated with you, Lionel. Five, if you count Ernie.
Maybe Ernie didn't know you were a killer. Police start poking around, asking questions, showing him pictures. And when Ernie sees these ... he knows exactly what his little boy's become.
So he confesses to crimes you committed, shoots himself in the head; it's a dead end for us.
What are you talking about?
Sheila.
Megan told her parents she was spending the night with you.
Do you know where?
Are you okay?
And did she call?
And you weren't worried?
Uniforms found the van on patrol. They called it in. I cleared it, waited for you guys to open it up.
Which means Ryan probably wasn't driving, because his blood was all over the field.
Jonathan, do you have a key to the house?
If we brought you some photos, would you be able to ID the girls for us?
Marlon Frost, out of state. Bar patron found him.
Mm-mm, no witnesses.
Yeah. Seems to be flavor of the week.
I don't think he can.
Mrs. Delancy?
You found the body?
We believe whoever killed your husband had access to the house.
Hey, how you doing?
What time did you get back from school?
And then what did you do?
Did you ... see your dad at all?
Well, that's got to be tough. 
He didn't refuse and Mrs. Delancy was here.
Where were you this afternoon?
Can anyone confirm that?
Annie Lansfield, Cornstalk Queen of Tidioute, Pennsylvania. You move to Vegas to become famous and ended up doing diaper duty for a washed-up rock star. Do you want to tell me how you ended up in a safe that even his wife didn't know about?
Resourceful.
After making Scandal Pages money off it.
Here's a scandal: We got evidence of s*x between you and Izzy Delancy in Sven's bed. Or how about this: If you killed him, you'd be the first to crack open that whole story.
Exclusive pics, the whole deal.
We were wondering if you could tell us about your relationship with Izzy?
Izzy was a smart businessman. He owned all the rights to his music.
And you still don't an alibi for the afternoon of Izzy's death.
Son defending the honor of his mother?
Right, but your mom and Madeline are covered. They were together at the time of your father's death.
So maybe you were so angry with your father that you channeled your anger and used your skills as a model builder to build this.
And a nice ... heavy object to do this.
Patrol found her.
No. No businesses open, no cars on the side streets.
Well, in this neighborhood, unless she's a hooker, I doubt she walked. I'm going to go make some calls, see if any of these places have any security cameras.
There were no security cameras at the crime scene, but Ms. Maroney had multiple arrests for petty theft and shoplifting. She had just been released on court-ordered rehab for kleptomania.
She didn't care what she took. She just had to take it. 
Which means the theft victims are probably not the suspects. Got anything else?
Which is less than quarter of a mile from the crime scene.
Patrol found her just after 11:00. I'll start at the steakhouse and backtrack.
... terrifying. 
LVPD! Open the door!
Hey, Grissom, it's Sofia. 'Female Dell foster child, first name Natalie' was finally specific enough. 
Family Court just ordered CPS to release her records.
We're not with Social Services. We're here to ask you about a foster child you had a number of years ago.
So you just sent her back?
She's headed for the alley 
Rebecca McGill. She was taking a hike with her husband Gavin. He was taking photos. One second she was there, the next she was gone. He went for help.
Maybe.
It's going to take you some time to get down there.
Mr. McGill, you hiked to the ranger station for help. Why didn't you just use your cell phone?
You're free to go. But stay local.
Did you know she was on anti-depressants?
Worried enough to kill herself?
Let's just say your marriage wasn't so rosy. Alimony's a bitch. You get her drunk. It's cheap just to shove her off a cliff.
Why didn't you just tell us this in the first place?
Well, he's definitely good for something. I'll include the local hospitals in case they've had a stab victim.
The good ones, too. I just found your stab victim.
Patrol got a 415b call. Man with a knife. The paramedics rolled up soon after they did. The guy was already dead.
No. He was with his family.
Did your husband know the man?
Wha ... what do you mean, he just met his daughter?
Um ... I'll check with the clerk, see if his surveillance camera was working.
Made it back from the war to die on the streets of Las Vegas.
Okay, slow down. You're talking too fast.
I'm ready, sir, I just, I just need you to talk slower.
How many did you see?
A bunch. Two? Five? Ten?
Any descriptions?
You took the sweater off one of them and you didn't get to see what he looked like?
What does 'weird' look like?
Thank you.
I'm sorry. It's a crime scene. I can't let you pass. I'm sorry.
He's been badly injured, but he's being attended to, I promise you.
Hey.
He's been stabilized. Sara, he's going to be okay.
Well, the beatings were occurring every half hour, and it's been three hours since the last one, so maybe.
He's a cop.
Where?
Am I supposed to know who Uncle Lenny is?
Yeah, it's not ringing any bells.
And you bet for him.
But they won and now you owe Uncle Lenny G. ten gs.
Yeah, well, now you're eleven g's in the hole. The ten thousand you owe Uncle Lenny for the bet, and the thousand you owe us for filing a false police report.
Turn off the truck. Get out. And put your hands above your head.
You're going to jail.
The first attack that night occurred just after midnight, in the employee parking structure at the Golden Sapphire Hotel.
A group of youths ranging from teens to early 20s attacked Vasco Ruiz, a hotel dishwasher on his way to his car.
He was apparently selected at random.
Mr. Ruiz was found dead at the scene.
Approximately thirty minutes after the first attack, not far away, at the Holiday Motel, they attacked their next victim, Jessica Hershbaum.
She's alive. But she has physical and emotional scars from the attack that she may never recover from.
Absolutely. CSI was still processing those crime scenes, and then I heard on my radio about another attack- - the third that night -- and that a CSI was one of the victims.
Yes. I drove over there immediately.
Three men, all seriously injured. Stanley Tanner was unconscious, as was Demetrius James and CSI Sanders.
The mob had pulled CSI Sanders from his vehicle and beaten him.
But it was his intervention that saved Stanley Tanner's life.
Hey.
Yeah, I heard. Starring the mother.
Like what?
Sorry? You going to apologize to the mother of a guy who beat one man to death and was trying to do the same to you? That's as good as saying you're guilty and setting yourself up for one hell of a civil suit besides. You did nothing wrong.
We put ourselves in harm's way every single day and sometimes we pay one hell of a price for surviving it. Other people will never understand that.
