Sheriff Mobley.
Hi, Rick Culpepper. Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Uh, Special Agent. It's great to meet you. All our kids back in Quantico are always going on about your bugs.
Well, listen, the FBI is here to help you and your people at CSI. Of course, uh, as SAC, the investigation will run through me. Sheriff probably already told you that.
All rivers run through Rome so to speak.  But, uh, you get an attaboy. Three women dead 'cause you couldn't get the job done. There's not many guys who would hand the case over to us Fibbies.
He strangles them near Las Vegas Boulevard then removes their clothes. Strip Strangler. Why? What do you call him?
Oh. He's not kidding, is he?
Special Agent Culpepper. You have information for us, sir? About a man fleeing the scene?
Wouldn't respect him if he didn't.
You all got my page. Good.
We'll get you a new battery. 
I thought we'd convo about the strangler. Hear what you've got tell you what we think our next move should be.
Okay. Fine. Got anything to report to us?
Okay. We have an operation in place. Your CSI, Sidle, has expressed an interest to my agents in availing herself. I wanted to let you know before we made the official offer.
All this talk about your great capacity for observation. Sara Sidle matches the victim prototype to a T. She's a young woman, brunette, tall for a female.
And by all reports, she's steady. Has the right personality for a decoy operation.
Before he kills again, yes. Got a better idea?
And if he kills again while we're trying to understand him? 
Okay. If we're to follow your line of thinking are you out ahead of him?
At home, later. He's learning control.
Okay, listen up. All personnel will be tethered to our decoy by this radio. 
According to Captain James Brass two of our assailant's victims patronized this specialty grocery store to which we are about to embark forthwith two days before they turned up dead.
There's a very good chance our assailant will re-frequent this store, looking for his next victim.
Lives are at stake. I'll take flimsy over nothing.
Okay, Sidle we're good to go.
Oh ... it's three hours expended. 
Let her play.
All right, we're on the move. Let's go.
All right, gentlemen. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. I do not believe this is our man.
Murder at the Monaco Hotel. Woman found bound in her room stripped and strangled.
That just means his signature's evolving isn't that right, Grissom?
I'll transport the witness.
I'm not accusing you of anything, but a man and his wife get a hotel room for a romantic weekend then spend that whole weekend apart -- makes me wonder if there's trouble in the marriage.
Read this man his rights, please.  You're under arrest for the murder of Jennifer Walden ... and Eileen Snow, ... 
... and Tracy Berg, and ... 
What do you mean?
Every piece of the signature is there.
For what possible reason?
You know, this is where I like to reference the majesty and the power of the Republic of the United States of America.
And that golfer just got lucky that the victim type fits his wife to a Texas T, is that it?
Duly noted, Supervisor Grissom. 
Duly noted.
We believe that Bradley Mac Walden not only killed his wife but also took the lives of Audrey Hayes and Eileen Snow and Tracy Berg. Our field agents have divulged that Mr. Walden lived within two miles of the other victims worked in the same office building as Ms. Snow and has no believable explanation for his whereabouts on the dates of their murders. We believe that Bradley Mac Walden found and stalked these victims, and ...
This statement is concluded. Las Vegas, its locals and visitors can rest a little easier tonight. A suspect is in custody. Thank you. I'll take some questions.
That's all the information we have.
The only shift CSI I can actually find. You're tampering with evidence of the United States Government there, Mr. Stokes.
Well, tell your girlfriend she's going to have you out of a job. Best thing you could do for your boss -- protect him from himself.
Everybody okay?  Special agents, we got a shooting. Notify LVPD and paramedics ASAP.
