Can you tell us the exact location of the body?
Dr. Robbins, will you explain how Stacy died?
Did you find any blood or DNA on the clothes?
Isn't bleach used to destroy blood and DNA evidence?
Withdrawn. What else did you find in the house?
And based on this evidence, police arrested Marlon West.
Thank you, Mr. Stokes. No further questions.
The state now calls Hannah West.
Now, Hannah, isn't it a fact that on the night of Friday, December 2, 2005, your parents left you and your brother, the defendant, home alone?
Yes or no, please.
And isn't it also a fact that you and your brother were not together between the hours of 6:00 and 10:00 P.M.?
Yes or no?
Thank you, Hannah.
No further questions, your honor.
Objection: Calls for a narrative.
As always, I value your opinion. But I'm confident in our decision to move forward. But, come on, Grissom, granted the first death was a natural -- but two dead women married to the same guy found in a stairwell? Lightning doesn't strike in the same place twice.
The wife was blackmailing the husband?
Well, he found out and he killed her. 
Run the timeline.
How long did they talk?
The defense is playing games, your honor. We subpoenaed the expert's files, reports and opinions. But, apparently, they've conveniently construed the subpoena too narrowly. They're acting in bad faith, your honor, and cannot expect this court to usurp ...
We won't know until we review the video.
We have no questions for Dr. Thayer. But I now call to the stand Dr. Gil Grissom as a rebuttal expert witness.
Dr. Grissom, you've had a chance to review Dr. Thayer's tape and associated evidence, is that correct?
Do you agree with his finding that Joanna Whitson was murdered fifteen days before her body was discovered?
Can you please elaborate?
A toxin commonly known as malathion?
How would malathion affect a fly's life cycle?
Oviposition?
A four-day delay would mean that Joanna Whitson died on November 4, not November 1, is that correct?
Is there any scientific rationale for spraying a pig with malathion before documenting a fly's life cycle?
Thank you. No further questions. 
Uh, excuse me, Dr Thayer. 
Well, to inform you that you have the right to remain silent. The DA'S filing charges for perjury ... 
... and obstruction of justice. We won't be accepting a plea.
