No way you were never married. Oh, let me guess. You were young, he seemed more mature than he really was, he swept you off your feet, and, uh, he let you fall.
So you're divorced?
Yeah. She seemed more mature than she really was; swept me off my feet. 
Kids?
If she's got her mother's looks, you're in trouble.
If you're blowing me off, no worries.
But if you're not ...  ... give me a call.
Wait a second. Let me walk you to your car.
What the hell is your problem?
You're not worth the trouble.
Give me a call.
Was it necessary to show up at my office? Try the phone. I'm an officer of the court.
That's my work number.
I may have. What's this about?
This the only evidence linking me to the victim?
Oh, yeah? Easier for whom?
This is getting tedious. At bars, I give out my work number to weed out the crazies.
I bought her a drink last night.
I was deposing a witness. Left the office late. Stopped at the Peppermill for a burger. Medium rare. No onions. Got to the Highball around
You want to know what happened next? Ask the redhead.
At a bar that time of night, we're all after the same thing, aren't we? I came onto her. She was into me.
I know when a woman is going to give way and believe me, she was there.
I walked her out.
I put my arm around her waist. She moved in. One minute she's got her tongue down my throat. The next, she puts the brakes. She's a bitch and a tease. She told me to get lost ... 
Look, I'm innocent, but it's in my best interest to retain counsel. We're done here.
I see that beauty runs in the family.
I was talking to your mother about the case we're working.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
I want to know why you're setting me up, manipulating evidence to make me look guilty. All because I came on too strong?
I didn't get my signals crossed. You changed the play, and you're screaming foul. That's some power trip, babe. Who's the guilty one here?
You think I killed her?
You going to shoot me?
You bitch.
I know how this looks.
I advise some of the stupidest guys that come through this room. And it's my job is to keep their mouths shut. And I know what you're thinking -
I already admitted that I picked her up at a bar the other night. What I didn't mention, and you didn't ask was that I gave her a ride home.
It got hot and heavy. We both got what we needed.
Then she said good night and got out of the car. I drove off.
I can explain that.
Her taxi never showed up.
I was drunk. Out of line. Bad couple of days, thanks to you guys.
I was looking for a little release and I chose the wrong girl.
Her taxi finally showed up.
No. I have no idea where she lived.
Every attorney in the Public Defender's office is issued one card. Mine has never left my car. I keep it in the center console. You don't need a warrant. You have my permission to check. It should be there.
Did you recover the knife from the scene three years ago?
A man comes home ... only to find his mother bleeding on the floor, a knife stuck in her chest. In a desperate attempt to save her life, he removes the knife from her chest. But it's too late. He takes the knife in question to the authorities, cooperates with their investigation, and then you charge him with murder.
He was in shock. You found two unknown sources of blood on that knife. Isn't it possible that one or both of them killed Addie Finch?
You've been warned about speculation, Ms. Willows.
From his birth until the time of his mother's death, Mr. Finch lived in that house. Isn't it equally possible he cut himself on that knife at a separate occasion?
For the record, her answer was Yes, it's possible. No further questions.
You recovered a bullet from Ms. Finch's body. Did you also recover a gun?
So you have nothing with which to forensically match the bullet?
My belt buckle is also made of metal. If I kept it in a box, wouldn't it also test positive?
No further questions.
You won.
Take care of yourself.
Not a hard sell.
You once said the same about me. You were wrong then, too.
Need a vacation?
And get a gun in my face? No, thank you. I can take a hint.
I'm here waving a white flag. Look, I owe you an apology. I regret the way I've behaved toward you in the past. I've sobered up, and I want to make amends.
Got a few more to go. 
Hey ... which pissed you off more, that Finch went free or that I won?
There's still hope for me.
Look, I already told you, babe, I ain't going anywhere. So unless you want to have a really screwed-up day, I suggest you get her down here now.
Where's Willows?
Why the hell is this department tailing my client? 
That's cute. Jay Finch was acquitted of his mother's murder. He deserves all the rights of a free man.
You can't try Finch twice for the same crime.
Oh, I see. This is a personal vendetta by CSI Willows.
Me. She's a man-hater. No surprise, but how long do we have to pay for the sins of her father?
Well, you tell Catherine she continues badgering my client, I will file a claim with the Attorney General's office for oppression under cover of law.
Do you always get what you want?
I don't take on cases I don't think I can win.
Ah, you're worried about me.
