Surprised?
Listen up, people. ... Are one hour out and the party's raging here at the finish line.
Here they come, folks! It's still SWAT and SES fighting for the lead. 
It's down to SWAT and SES!
LAPD SWAT wins the first time in eight years. Coming in at 13 hours, 24 minutes.
It's going to be a scorcher and ... 
In Las Vegas, the temperature is already 108 degrees.
Get yourself off to the tap and keep yourself drinking all day along
It's so hot, you could cook an egg on a sidewalk ...
A record number of heat stroke victims.
... no relief in sight.
It's still hot out there folks.
If you have to be outside, please, take your water bottle.
Take the advice and drink plenty of fluids.
Recording a record number of ...
The Clark County Health Department still advises all citizens to stay hydrated and ...
All right. On behalf of the Golden Nugget, let me congratulate you.
Scott making his move.  Final score: Hartford 89. Charlotte 88. 
Vic Patterson has a plan for Los Angeles. He wants to restore trust in City Hall. Vic Patterson has the energy it takes to get Los Angeles back on track ... 
All right, guys! Listen up! Get ready for tonight's panty auction!
All right. For our first pair, starting at the low price of $50, Cotton Candy! Doesn't accept checks, just cold, hard cash.
Welcome to PDR finals in Las Vegas! For two weekends, we have 45 riders competing in a race for the world title. The world champ? He goes home with a million bucks. If you want to talk about pressure, it's all in Las Vegas!
Right now, you can get ready for the starting of Coty Latshaw, Elk City, Oklahoma, riding Wintwister. This boy is a champion among champions. 
There's no doubt Cody Latshaw -- he's the real deal! 
Hold off for the main event. 
Oh, wait a minute! He's up. He's calling for a re-ride. I'm not sure why, but this is exactly why we call him Lazarus.  Ladies and gentlemen, you knock him down, and he rises again. What an athlete! This guy's a true hero!
Here is Dale Wylie! 
Ladies and gentlemen, the first of the elimination rounds for our money poker tournament are over and we're down to our last one hundred players. Congratulations to all and good luck.
