First things first. This tape was not recorded in the warehouse. No auditory echo.
Yeah, a car, a small SUV. The tape was an inch from his mouth. Sibilant pops bear that out. Helps that the killer uses hi-fi mini-cassettes. Picks up everything let me get rid of the wipers.
I don't know yet. But ... recognize this?
Now, here's where it gets funky. Watch my sensor levels.
See how the color wands gravitate towards the bottom right corner?
There's an auditory imbalance.
A blown left speaker. Sounds like the driver's side one blew.
What does that get you?
Okay, we're now at 26 times magnification. Rendering at 1086 lines.
Last call on her cell phone was to 911. Reel to reel's already interfaced on my computer.
Yes, ma'am.
Two engines.
SUV -- sounds like any regular four-cylinder.
Hang on.
You hear that? Turbo. Probably diesel.
Surveillance stills from the laughlin heist. Four perps; we've identified three: Darin, Tammy and Adam. All deceased.
That leaves one.
Well, that's why I'm here.
I've divided the photo into segments removed the disguise and rebuilt the original image based on male physiological norms. Now, it's not exact but you'll have an idea of what your guy looks like.
: Thank you, thank you very much.  It was on the hard drive of the computer you got at the crime scene. Looks like a Peter Croft sculpture.
What? On my salary? Guggenheim's as close as I get to something like that.
Really? Well, if you want a tour, I know a docent.
House like this, probably not a knock-off.
Yeah. Let me show you the after photos.
Same spot.
Good question.
Well, they don't call them open houses for nothing.
The Newmans unlocked their door to anybody with internet access.
You can say that again.
Yup, I got him.
Sometimes, reflections beget reflections. I figured if I could get a glimpse of the Augie cutout maybe I could get a glimpse of the cameraman.
Check out the lamp.
Huh ... oh, I get it. This is like a test, right?
In these two areas -- here and here-- they're on the same focal plane but this one's sharp and this one's fuzzy.
A composite. A very good one.
Yup.
The image was built out of these.
Is that her?
Is that who I think it is?
Toby Arcane. Freak man.
All I can say he's not for the faint of heart.
Non-cancerous.
Uh ... I'll reverse the polarization see if we can get any more information from this frame.
Blow it up. Times ten.
I can.
So, this is the last footage we have of the Dominguezes alive.
Not yet, but check it out.  Brass's witness said he heard a couple arguing at 10:35. 
This must be them, going down. But coming up ... 
That's a room key. Tangiers Casino.
They say in America, you're on camera an average of seven times a day. Go to a mall, and you can at least triple that.
How are these supposed to help him beat a murder rap?
Four rolls, all of Julie.
It's a nude.
If it is, it's double exposed. I'll have to get them printed to be sure.
Yeah.
I got the stripper's boyfriend on camera. 
If he just killed somebody, he's being really cool about it.
So golf ball salesman was too doped up to kill her. The boyfriend couldn't have bludgeoned her without getting blood on his clothes.
Oh, hey.  Nellis sent over the radar surveillance. Current feed goes back 48 hours. This is where your decedent was located.
Using echo and doppler shift we can determine an object's speed.
Found your chopper. It's holding steady. Airplanes can't do that.
Aw, come on, you can't unfund me now. I ... I'm committed to presenting the paper at SWAFS next month.
Oh, yeah. Tragically, my banking account isn't as dedicated as I am.
Wait. How 'bout you kick me a little overtime under the table, huh?
We lost the feed.
Hard to say. About the same, I guess. 
I'm gonna get some coffee.
The light and the fan must have been running off the same battery.
Signal's running through an anonymizer. Different ISP each time we click the button. But I think I've got a handle on the pattern. I'm getting closer.
Okay, I've got the web cam trace down to here.
Aw, come on, you can't unfund me now. I ... I'm committed to presenting the paper at SWAFS next month.
Oh, yeah. Tragically, my banking account isn't as dedicated as I am.
Wait. How 'bout you kick me a little overtime under the table, huh?
We lost the feed.
Hard to say. About the same, I guess. 
I'm gonna get some coffee.
The light and the fan must have been running off the same battery.
Signal's running through an anonymizer. Different ISP each time we click the button. But I think I've got a handle on the pattern. I'm getting closer.
Okay, I've got the web cam trace down to here.
We subpoenaed MapQuest -- they store each page on a different server. All queries are saved for 72 hours, then they dump the core.
No, physical location doesn't matter. What we do is a reversal process.
Using the internet protocol number, we can get to the server.
Right. We hunt for child pornographers the same way.
Sybil Perez.
Okay, let's give this a shot.
Got that. I'm gonna give her a haircut. Add some whiskers ...
Thirty seconds of mutilation recorded over a bridal shower.
Oh. Yeah.
The 911 call about five minutes before your garbage man picked up the vic. Then I matched time codes with the video from the traffic cam. Synched up the audio.
Someone's getting territorial.
Yeah.
Yeah. I can enhance that.
That's a limo?
It's, um ... hard to say. The tape was pretty mangled. Enhancement and noise cancellation increase intelligibility, but it alters timber and tone. So, I don't know there's any more I can do here. You know, Nick recorded a message on the flip side of the tape. You think maybe we should ...
Right.
Well, let us see.
Image search.
Family home page. My mom wants me to do one of these for our family.
Maybe Karen found the site. Cut out the kid's picture.
See if I can enhance that.
Looks like a PDF417 ... two-dimensional bar code.
Yeah. I think so.
Okay, it's an airline boarding pass, last night: Vegas to Philadelphia, then on to Rome, and Sardinia.
Two passengers: Nanci McGonigle and Vincent Pullone.
The victim came out of her apartment around 5:00 A.M., so I've been working my way back from then.
In the previous seven hours, 37 people came and went from the
Okay, now, here: This guy got off on the vic's floor at 10:32
But I don't think this was a first date.
Guy had his own key.
I'm on it.
According to surveillance, the victim came home at 6:19 P.M. And the firemen were in her building at approximately 7:00. They took the stairs, so we don't have them on this camera. Now take a look at this ...
He touched the door with his bare hands. Might get prints.
What kind of fireman comes before the fire?
702-555-0122 that's GW Security.
She called that number three times in the last week or so.
She called him again four days before she was murdered.
The girl in the red dress gets off with Julian's entourage at
Then gets back on at 2:33.
She forgot her pantyhose.
Great legs.
Yeah. I just got this footage ... 
All right, fellas, check this out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang on.
She went shopping.
I don't know.
This one put herself on a mailing list.  Tally Jordan. There's the phone number.
So you asked me to follow her comings and goings and her food and drink intake. As far as I can tell, she didn't touch her soup or salad. And the main course?
Um ... I only saw her with two glasses, both champagne, first one around 2:00.
But maybe she was hitting the bar, because look: 
This is fifteen minutes later.
The waiter gave her a second glass for her toast, which I watched five times.
And that was it.
Well, her exit was neither polite nor discreet.
That was 2:25.
Yeah, I've been watching this for a while now.
We look forward about an hour ... 
Jeff leaves his room alone.
So he gets off the elevator, goes into the casino, and nine minutes later, ... 
... same blonde goes down in the elevator.
After the vic gets off the elevator, I lose him in the casino crowd for about fifteen minutes.
And at four hours of video each, that's four hundred hours of video I got to go through.  The vic was found at the loading dock off the shopping arcade.
And here, he's heading for the arcade here. That's the last time I've got him on camera. There's no surveillance in the arcade hall. Only in the individual stores.
Hah. Check this out. Bingo.
Hey.
Yeah. I just found something really interesting.
Now, that's the blonde from the elevator.
There she is again. And here's Jeff Powell.
This is where his evening begins, when he meets her for the first time.
Yeah.
Keep watching when she points at something. Keep your eyes on her wine.
Well, sure looks that way. Take a look at this.
Girl was loaded.
There's your guy.
When the blonde came up to the vic in the bar the first time, she pointed in that same direction.
Your vic's really going at him.
I've been looking at video three days solid now. My butt fell asleep.
Wait a second. I've seen those guys behind him somewhere else.
Hang on.
Jeff went from the casino to shopping arcade, and right behind him ... there they are. Same guys.
Why?
Ow ... ooh. She's hot. But I still wouldn't let her fang me. 
No. I was processing Ray's computer and it was just sitting on the desktop ... in a folder called dental records.
Grissom got us an administrative subpoena. ISP sent over the subscriber information: Dr. Jeri Cohen -- aka Buffy227 -- is a dentist.
I could not make this stuff up.
Dead bodies don't suck their thumbs.
Hey, Gris. I reviewed your videotapes. Checked for insertions, deletions, omissions. They're all authentic.
Oh, yeah. I de-interlaced the video, checked the head switching, the hbi-vbi looked for in-out signals. The tapes are clean. Sorry.
Yeah. One every six hours. They're in layout, when you're ready.
Hey.
Got e-mails, IMs, text messages—a minute-by-minute diary of Kira Dellinger's life.
What made you think to check her Twitter page?
They don't expect privacy. They value openness.
Hmm. It shouldn't suck when two boys fight over you, but it does. Drummerboy19 won't be a man. And TorchX wants what he can't have. They both bug.
Well, TorchX responded to that. KiraEdge, you know I never give up.
Let's see if this TorchX has a real name.
