Well, I know your guy used a knife and a gun, but I didn't recover any weapons.
I-I got that back in the fridge at the station.
No dice, huh?
When you guys called, I ... I let myself believe that Laura was still alive. Well, now, I'm-I'm just gonna pray that she's dead. I just don't want to think about the alternative. 
I gotta call her sister in Denver. This'll be the second time I've gotten her hopes up.
Well, there was a double murder the day after Laura went missing. It was about twenty miles outside of Larkston--a Mary Acheson and her daughter, Heather Curtis.  At first, I-I thought it was related to the disappearance of Robin and Laura, but, but it wasn't. 
It's a closed case. We got the guy.
Robert Guffey. Okay ... He's in, uh ... Carson City. He's doing a life term in the Nevada State Prison. Yeah. His bloody fingerprints were all over the crime scene, and he confessed the next day.
There was no evidence to link him and, uh, he had an alibi. Plus, he would only admit to Heather and Mary's murders.
This is Heather Curtis. She and her husband lived with Mary Acheson, her mother. So, uh ... Shawn was at work, and then he called home, and then when nobody answered the phone, he knew that something was wrong.
He was hiding.
That. That's Robert Guffey.
He was their plumber. Yeah. Old house, bad pipes. Oh, he was there all the time.
Beat his girlfriend. Oh, yeah, and his ex-wife has a TRO against him. But this is his very first murder. Unless, of course, he killed Addie Finch first. So maybe you're looking for my guy.
I don't know. I didn't ask him.
Yeah. Oh, yeah, at his house. It was a .38, same caliber as your case.
Reno Lab said that the bullets were too damaged, you know, from bouncing around inside the victims' skulls so they just couldn't get any kind of comparison at all. 
They're at the Reno Lab, but, uh ... I can do you one better. You can take your own samples.
Just a sec, I'm gonna open this thing.
Danny and Shawn got an apartment in town. They've never been back here. And Shawn, he can't quite bring himself to sell the place.
Nope. This door is a time machine.
This blood pool belongs to Mary, the mom. And, uh ... this blood down here belongs to Heather, the daughter.
Must have been a struggle. We printed it, only got smeared partials.
This is where we found Danny. Poor little guy had peed in his pants. He wouldn't come out to anybody but his dad.
Uh ... yeah. Guffey admitted to having made an anonymous 911 call from the house at 3:20 p.m. And he didn't stick around.
Oh, we tested it. That's a mixture of the victims'.
I believe that Guffey thought that Danny was inside. We got a confession. We didn't need those bullets, so we didn't collect them.
And you've never heard that one before?
What is your point, Catherine?
Am I being interrogated now?
I was sure Guffey was guilty till you showed up. Who admits to a crime he didn't commit? Who does that?
You come into this town, you make me wrong, and then you go ride off into the sunset. And where does that leave me?
I screwed up, Shawn.
I get that. I get that, Shawn. I really do. And I wouldn't drag you and Danny out here if it weren't important.
And unless we find the evidence that he was in there, we'll never know for sure.
Guffey.
