So this lady's expected to die. Is that the story?
That kind of oversight tells you he's stupid.
Gentlemen, we've got ourselves a bull's-eye.
You gotta do a side-by-side comparison to be sure.
Okay.
All right. Here you go. Holly's weapon's already loaded. So, just point at the gun entry hole there to do your test fire.
Okay, now, in order to eliminate Holly's gun as the possible weapon we start by looking for imperfections in the bullet's stria ... now, that's odd.
We don't have an elimination. We got a match.
Striations don't match. 
The gun that killed those five people at the coffee house isn't your store manager's. The good news is -- all of the nine millimeter bullets fired at the scene ... from the same gun. 
You're looking for only one guy.
Indeterminate.
Right gun, wrong barrel.
Check this out.
This is true.
Match the bunter marks?
Etched in by an electrodischarge machine. 
Every casing from a given batch of ammo has the same markings.
... on a microscopic level, we should find similar characteristics ...
Not as airtight as matching the barrel.
What about motive?
Well, actually, Warrick, the evidence round wasn't from the cop's gun. It was from the suspect's.
I was just calling you.
Yeah, carved your bullet out of that hunk of tree. Ah ... you know, a bullet's only this big. 
Y'all gave me a pound of redwood.
You should know.  Heard you wanted Nick to chop down the whole tree.
I found some discoloration on the bullet's tail. Check it out.
Yeah, copper jacketed. The tail was exposed.
Yeah, no way to backdate it, but it's definitely older than y'all's crime scene.
The striaions are different. See? 
There's no way I can say that the bullets taken from the victims were fired by Jennings's gun.
Yeah. Changed how the bullet relates to the barrel so when the bullet emerges, its fine stria are altered.
Whatever it was ... did the job.
Okay, now. Look at the bullet from your vic's thigh. Five lands and grooves on it. That would be a colt. .38 caliber.
And?
Yeah.
Projectile on the left, .45 hollow point courtesy of Adam Brower's back. On the right ... 
... a .45 hollow point extracted from Dustin Bale -- dead clerk at the convenience store. 
Yeah?
Another round from the casino heist?
Well, tip didn't blossom. Not a hollow point, so it's not from Darin Hanson's gun.
All right, 230 grains gives us a .45 automatic.
Okay, normally, lands and grooves are highly delineated.  These are smooth, polished, which means that your projectile was fired from a polygonal barrel. Be right back.
These are the only types of .45 automatics with polygonal barrels. So, the gun that fired your bullet was either a Heckler &amp; Koch USP or a Glock.
Well, that's what I'm doing: Dissecting your bullet.
Hey, Nick.
Count the stripes.
Six lands angroves with a right-hand twist.
Glock's got eight; Heckler and Koch-- six. You got your gun.
Pretty unique weapon. Expensive. Not exactly what you'd buy out of the back of a van.
Only take a second.
See? Can I call it? Only 18 registered in-state. Ten in Clark County; seven of them still in circulation.
Yo, got your bullet. You pulled this out of a CRX, huh?
Well, it's a lead core of a bullet. Looks like a ... medium caliber, just mangled upon impact. Can't get any stria, so, uh ... ... test firing the suspect's weapon's a waste of time. 
Well, I don't know. Take a look at the tip there. 
Yeah, sure thing.
All right, stand back, y'all.
Firing!
Bullet's nose picked up trace of both windows. Just like the one recovered from Jace Felder's car.
