Hikers found her. Looks like a gunshot to the head.
No.
How old are those creepy crawlers?
Oh.
I ID'd her body through AFIS, and located her husband.
You know, I'm not even going to ask.
Well, the neighbors heard a gunshot at their apartment five days ago. The grieving husband ... 
... his name is Scott Shelton.
Yeah, in New Orleans soaking up the gumbo. You told us. When was the last time you saw your wife?
And you didn't think to notify the police?
So this neighbor lady who told me that she heard a gunshot and a woman scream inside your apartment ... what, she just imagined that?
Three complaints against Scott for spousal abuse in the last two years.
Looks like your gun's just been cleaned.
No bullets missing here. 
Bullets missing here, though.
Come on. 
The neighbor puts him in the apartment five days ago. You tell me she's been dead five days and a jury is going to jump all over that coincidence.
Good luck.
This is good. Admitting to prior abuse to cover up actual murder.
So, you planning a little late-night luau? Roast pig?
I thought your bugs never made mistakes.
So it took longer for the insects to get in there?
Well, let me ask you this. You killed a pig just for this?
I mean, wouldn't a rabbit be easier?
Yeah, I've been saying that since I was a rookie. You're on your own pal.
To a degree. You know ... in a general way.
You know, I been waiting three days to do this. No, make that five days. Let's go.
Well, if it isn't the boss himself! Where's your E-street band?
Ah, I can sling scum all day long. You?
Oh, yeah? Well, wait. The shopping cart's over here. The missing woman is Margaret Shorey. Lives with her sister. Went out to get groceries; never came home. Car's still in the parking lot.
Maybe she left the purse as a marker.
Sister broke her wrist in a car wreck.
Junk-food junkie.
Oh, that's sanitary.
What are you doing?
Oh, man ...
What?
See what?
All I see is a clean door.
So my guys tell me that your guy Nick is helping a working girl at a five-star and it was quite a commotion.
And if I know, it means a lot of other people know. People bigger than you and me. A kid from a crime lab doing favors for a hooker can't make the unit look too good, huh, boss?
I bet that's just what Nicky said.
That kid over there started to take a leak.
Found the body.
In this heat?
You can keep the pen as a souvenir.
Hey, hey, hey.
Two cheeks on the car. There you go.
Here you go, bubba.
Police! Step away from the truck, put your hands on the back of your head! Keep your hands in sight! 
Get out of the truck! 
Step away from the truck. Put your hands on the back of your head.
Don't make me ask you twice. Move! Hands on the back of your head! Hands on the back of your head!
Left hand on the wall, right hand on the wall. Check him for weapons.
It's all yours.
Okay. All right, listen. The first one of you lowlifes can name that tune gets to make a deal. Hmm? The difference between the chair or life in prison. So ...
Cuff him.
Hey, hey, hey ... Where is she?
What's this? An anonymous package from county lockup?
Yeah, well, hey, just a second. Wait a minute. Give an innocent bystander a chance to clear out, will you?
With any luck it'll be the next episode of G-String Divas.
That's an arson case -- a few months ago. The DA is asking for the death penalty.
An innocent man. Jail's full of them.
Yo, cousin. 
I'm going to save you some gas here. I did some checking on your pal Damon.
Eyewitness saw him running from his burning house. Inside was his wife and kid. Now, wife's a big spender. Maxed out on the credit cards. They just bought the place and already he's late on the payments. Couple's always arguing about money. No surprise.
Maybe he didn't mean to. Maybe he needed the insurance dough and things got out of hand.
Well, I got something for you on that, too. Gasoline found in the master bedroom closet.
Did you skip the page with Damon's credit card receipts? Guy bought a gallon of gas a week before the fire.
Read my lips. There is no compelling evidence to suggest Damon was wrongfully charged.
We're all clear to go in, but here's what we got. Couple of head wounds. Elderly guy had his arm torn off. The only fatality so far is Jake Richards, a security guard. Body's still inside.
How big you think this bomb was?
Sure.
How did you learn so much?
So what, you just, uh, blow up bombs and study them?
Someone died in that office building.
All right. 
Don't you love the smell of sulfur in the afternoon? You might want to go and take a tour of Dominic Kretzker's house. I tracked down the sale of SnoozeWell clocks. Nine hundred twenty-six credit card purchases in the last three months in Clark County -- seven to Dominic Kretzker of Prairie Road.
That your scanner?
Want to show us that clock of yours?
Look what I found. Sulfur. You blow up any bombs recently?
You keep your key piece of evidence that could nail you?
Well, that's cute.
We called you. We left word.
Well, maybe so but you're under arrest. Put him in the car.
Well, vultures never sleep, huh?
Sound familiar? Tell you one thing: If he's guilty, he's putting on one hell of a show. 
Bad news. Another Fourth of July.
Thrift Right Car Rental on Flamingo. Ten minutes ago.
So, the manager was working the lot when he heard the blast. Fatality was on the check-in line and died on the way to the hospital. 
No. No one heard anything.
Norman Stirling?
The bombing of the thrift-right car rental and the bombing of the Hansen Building.
You were let go by ThriftRright last year, and lost a court battle to get your job back. In fact, they filed a TRO against you for throwing furniture around their headquarters last July.
Good. You can call him from the car. He can meet us at the PD. Take him in. Come on, let's go.
Tyler, were you aware of your father's lawsuits against thrift-right car rental?
What does FP stand for? It was etched into both bombs. 
I'm Detective Jim Brass -- Las Vegas Police Department. Are you Mrs. Bennett?
Mrs. Bennett, everything is all right. We're just going to ask a few questions down at the station.
Yeah, that's a lot of years. Maybe a few too many for the missus.
How did you guys do?
Just the murder weapon.
Cleaned, in the widow's garage.
Well, because someone killed your husband, Mrs. Bennett ... and was strong enough to wield an electric saw to do it.
Why didn't you report him missing? Were you used to him leaving or did you fight much?
Oh, sure, Mrs. Bennett, sure. Just sign this form please.
I called that whistle-blower's line at the local treasury office. You know, the one that handles social security fraud? They were happy to help.
The signature's the same till seven months ago. Q.D. Matched the lady's writing. Mrs. Bennett, you've been cashing your dearly departed's checks, haven't you?
So now it's suicide?
I don't know. You're the lab guys. What is the evidence telling you?
Ah. Well, when faced with evidence that can equally exonerate or implicate a suspect, we must as objective interpreters of that evidence ... side with the defendant. Tie goes to the runner.
Okay, then. I guess I'm out of here. I'll go start my paperwork.
Maybe thirty years ago when she was the headliner at the Lido de Paris.
Look around you.  This is going to take all nigh
Excuse me for a minute.
Hi. Well, I got the horsepower on everybody here. 99% of the people know nothing, saw nothing. Big surprise.
Well, according to her friends she's been romancing some young stallion for over a month. She's in love. She's cruising the Mediterranean on some yacht, eating cheese cubes. Got a couple watching the house. Apparently, she often takes in strays. Mr. and Mrs. Haynes, this is Gil Grissom and Catherine Willows. They're from the crime lab.
You need an oil well in your backyard to belong to that place.
You can say that again.
Sheriff?
Every half for me.
Yeah, uh ... hi. 
I just have a few more questions about the whereabouts of Mrs. Richmond.
So, let's, uh ... let's just take baby steps. Where is she?
And if someone wanted to reach her?
Yeah.
That's funny. I was just here a couple days ago.
Before my time.
Yeah ... um, looks heavy.
Hey. We got the whole place clocked. Keeping an eye on the Haynes couple. Sheriff doesn't want them skipping town.
What are you, a couple of kleptos?
A $5,000 stole your wife stole? What, are you guys in business?
Is that kind of like the guy who, uh walks out of the auto mall with a nissan sentra in his pocket?
Just answer the question.
You saying that she lifted it?
Where you been?
Sheriff getting your ass, eh? Well, I just hit megabucks. Austin PD has five aliases for Chad Matthews. 
Tom Sheridan, wanted in Beacham County. Petty theft, check fraud. 
Warner Drysdale, wanted in Sacramento. Grand larceny, car theft. 
Guy took a car for a test drive ... never brought it back. Jock Jasper-
Yeah, and organized, too. The Denver PD sent me copies of his journal. Guy kept lists of rich women all around the country. Logged in all their vitals. Height, weight, how much money they have, you name it. Guess who was on that list.
Okay, you can pick up the tab. Let's keep talking about motive.
Maybe he thought it was the Sheriff, and blew it off.
Moes. I'm rubbing off on you.
Or whoever.
The cheese, brother. Maybe that 1.6 mil they raised at the charity event that night.
I don't know, but if Lacey Duvall hadn't been murdered Patrick Daynes reinvents himself becomes another Skippy in another state, $1.6 mil richer.
I hate going out to lunch with you CSIs. You notice everything.
On behalf ... of the State of Nevada my apologies. You've been cleared of all charges.
But ... on behalf of the State of Texas you're under arrest. You're being extradited for the murder of Lana Grimshaw.
Oh, right. She's incommunicado.
You're both under arrest for the murder of Portia Richmond.
Here's what I know so far. Victim was a well-dressed woman, young, black. She's at Desert Palm Hospital multiple gunshots to the head possible sexual assault. Doctor has her as death imminent.
Silk or lace, something like that. Definitely not denim.
Canine voodoo.
You want to explain that caveat?
Hey. This is, uh, Detective Sam Vega from the gang detail. He's here to give us information on 23rd street. This is Gil Grissom and Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
Okay, Nick, ready to burn some shoe leather? Some old-fashioned police work? What do you say, huh?
So, Tony, where were you two nights ago?
You mind if we look at those? We got some scrubs for you to wear.
That's why we're asking Tony to volunteer ... with your permission ...
No, ma'am, it's the law. We're working this case as a murder.
Joseph Felton, 44. Not an employee; no reason to be here.
No. 
Burn marks?
Hmm ...
Three hundred and something, small bills.
Yeah. Hey, Nicky, you paged me?
Yeah.
I see where you're going. So Hanson gets out of jail, hooks up with our dead guy.
That's not bad. Any chance you guys found the murder weapon?
Darin ... you and Felton, you go back, huh?
Where were you this morning early A.M.?
We can't hold him.
So we're looking at a split personality?
Is there any scientific evidence that supports this disorder?
Revenge for a kidnapping 21 years after the fact?
Maybe, uh, Miss Mirror-has-two-faces is playing us for fools. We corner her with the evidence, she goes nuts sets the groundwork for an insanity plea.
Yeah?
Well, this ought to be interesting.
22 bus tickets bought with your credit card to 22 different states? You made sure that we couldn't track her. Now, that's aiding and abetting the flight of a suspected felon.
Well, if she's apprehended, yes. Otherwise it's a felony. You're going to jail.
Frankie? 
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
They had dinner at Andre's. Coroner's assistant has his wallet with the credit card receipt.
Saved five bucks, cost them their lives. Carjacking gone bad.
Never?
Oh, man ... 
It's a quiet street, weeknight. Neighbors heard the commotion. Kid over here, he had the only view.
Hey, Warrick. Is Grissom around?
You know between you and me, as long as I've been on the job I still don't like touching dead bodies.
wow.
You're getting more like Grissom every day, man.
Yeah. A patrol car located the Shepherds' SUV.
The car is registered to our dead couple.
Unless you're joyriding.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Just the rain. The evidence on the outside of the vehicle will be compromised.
What's that?
What's she doing here?
Hmm.
Yeah, I know. You know, I ... I can't believe you messed up the crime scene.
Mmm. Going to bother you all day.
Jessica Hall. Date of birth -- 8-5-73.
Cell phone, power's off. Didn't call 9-1-1. They would've instructed her to leave it on.
Yeah, so?
Maybe she's like 28% of Americans -- she doesn't buckle up.
I'll go radio the 4-19.
We need to know the make of that knife.
I got a cop question. What are we looking for here?
Yeah.
Not so fast, Nicholas. P.D. traced a call Shepherd made to Jessica from Andre's restaurant.
Yeah, right. Try not to kill too many people.
Yeah. I'm going to run Jessica's cell phone records and Shepherd's. If anything was between those two we'll find out.
Stay here, fella.
Bad karma. Jessica and this Shepherd guy had been phoning each other day and night for the past two years. What does that tell you?
And there's more. On the night of the murder, after Jessica got off the phone with shepherd, she made a call.
So Jessica hired her ex-husband to kill her boyfriend's wife.
Oh, I bet I can tell you that conversation.
Makes financial sense.
Jessica took the car. You hid in plain sight, offering aid to the victim.
Timmy. 
The Shepherds -- to the world they looked like the perfect couple.
They can be deceiving?
No papers filed. College sweethearts. Neighbors say they're the salt of the earth.
They feel safe in the neighborhood.
Attic, wine cellar, crawl space. No four-month-old baby.
Yeah, guy got rich off some dot-com outfit. Moved here from Oregon two years ago.
I understand, but it's best for our investigation if we keep the whole family together.
You were saying, Mrs. Anderson?
We contacted the Association. The story checks out. I also did a background search. Tyler has quite a temper on him, don't you, Ty?
You were expelled from school twice last year for physical altercation.
Your brother Zack say something you didn't like you weren't going to let him get away with either?
Maybe you can explain why your printer was used to create the ransom note found in the Anderson home.
From the Anderson home.
Sure. Quickest way to end a guy's marriage.
Geez. Haven't these people ever heard of divorce?
That's because this mother is the bad guy. 
CNN just dug up a 13-year-old charge against Gwen Anderson. I heard it on the car radio.
It's called shaken baby syndrome. The oldest boy-- Tyler? When he was a newborn she shook him so hard they had to go to the hospital. She shook the kid unconscious.
Yeah. They were on the phone with the arresting officer from Oregon. He faxed me this report. Our grieving mother ... her record for child abuse.
Hey. We're up.
All on his own?
Well, it's a legitimate question. But I have to work on my tone. You're right.  I'll try again. All on his own?
We, uh we have a receipt that links them to your client.
We'll be in touch.
Why didn't you just tell the truth? 
Welcome to the caffeine wars. I got four dead, one on the way to the hospital. The kid who belonged to those headphones.
One behind the counter. One in the back room.
I bet you do. Who doesn't know Frankie Flynn? Used to own the Orpheus. Lost his gaming license a couple of years ago.
Yeah, you got that r
This is Al Robson -- Frankie Flynn's bodyguard.
Till's full, and all the wallets are accounted for. I don't think anyone was interested in the, uh, cash ... or the coffee.
Maybe. Frankie drives a bulletproof car. What does that tell you?
Make that five. Guy died on the way to the hospital.
Yeah. Nine bullets, all the same caliber. Looks like Robson never got a shot off. I wouldn't want him as my bodyguard.
Sure.
Okay.
This one?
I'm Detective Brass. Catherine Willows. Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
They didn't make it.
Guess who used to sign Brad Kendall's paychecks six years ago?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Brad, thanks for coming in. We just got a few more questions.
So you used to work for Frankie Flynn?
Sit down. Sit down.
Did you see him outside the coffee shop?
We'll need to see the weapon and any spare ammo.
I got a ton of people out interviewing every two-bit stiff that ever had a beef against Flynn. They're all doing the smart thing -- keeping their mouth shut.
You know something I don't know?
Would you like us to explain the mechanics of s*x in the workplace?
You had the power. Happens all the time.
I've got a court order.
Brad Kendall, you're under arrest for the murder of Frankie Flynn, Al Robson, Roy Hinton, Alice Neely and Erin McCarty.
I have a teenage daughter. So, no, I don't know what you mean.
Whoa, whoa. What, you start the party without me? That could get dangerous. Thomas Pickens?
I got a court order. These rides stay in Vegas and you're coming with me.
You know, the thought never crossed my mind. Come on.
Yeah, but it's limited in scope. The boyfriend's an attorney so we can't toss the place.
Here's a warrant. Where's your bedroom?
{unintelligible}
More like a four.
...Sleepy hollow.
What does that mean?
Can we offer you girls something to drink?
You want to tell us why two college freshmen were driving a stolen BMW with a head in the trunk?
You know what I think? I don't think you two are murderers. I think you're just felony stupid. But, for now, you're being booked on evading arrest, grand theft auto, DWI. You go with this officer here.
Whoa. Who are you, pal?
I'm Jim Brass. Homicide. This is Gil Grissom. Crime lab. Does a Victor DaSilva live here?
In the middle of the night? Back up, Slick. We got some bad news.
So when was the last time you saw Victor DaSilva with his head attached?
So he worked for an ad agency. What else did he do for a living?
What about you? I mean, besides painting walls.
Yeah. You know, you don't seem too shook up about DaSilva's death.
Well, I hope you got paid in advance. 
Found a picture of Victor DaSilva and, uh ... somebody.
Cut out.
Why are we in the closet?
Hmm.
Mr. Calloway, would you mind coming in here, please? 
Manager spotted the blood during a night sweep. 
Want to know who the shed reregistered to? Victor DaSilva.
It ain't gorilla.
You had access to victor DaSilva's house?
You own a gun? I don't mean a paint gun.
Take off your shoes and socks. We need to verify.
Yeah, but what's the point? Pretty good gimmick they got here, though. You eat peanuts, toss the shells on the floor -- nobody gives a rat's ass.
Incidental.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Here it is.
Probably his girlfriend.
Fred Applewhite?
We know that. When did you move out?
And you took all your possessions with you?
So, you were hoping for a reconciliation.
Let me tell you what I think happened.
So, what did you forget?
And when you came back out your car was gone.
Eileen Jane Snow. Lady she carpools with couldn't get her to answer the door. Police broke in.
Audrey Hayes was strangled in her basement and the other one ended up in a park.
M.O. is how he breaks in. Signature's what he does once inside.
Sara.
What about Paul Millander? Maybe he's our guy. 
And, uh, he had the latex hands. And he's a serial.
Maybe our brethren at the FBI have some sort of special database.
Never make an enemy when you can just as easily make a friend. FBI's okay. I've kissed worse ass. But I've got to say I don't like this decoy op the Feds are talking up. 
I remember when Holly Gribbs died. I sent her out in the field and she wasn't ready.
I know what you told him.
He's the husband. His name's Brad Walden. They're locals, come here a couple times a year. He was downstairs playing poker. She was up here reading a romance novel. He comes back five grand richer. He finds her like this.
You're the boss.
Right, okay, all right, got it.
I just spoke with the FBI. They'll back us up if we need it, but we have to handle it.
It's a three-hour window.
A ransom message with a short fuse means that the victim's situation will cause her to expire by or before the deadline regardless of what we do.
It's a form of passive murder if you want to be, uh...
Has her behavior changed recently -- drug use, alcohol, things like that?
Uh-huh.
We don't want to go there yet.
It's a very strong suggestion, yes.
Look, if you give up the cash the kidnapper has no reason to communicate with us.
Well, your job just got harder.
I'll stay close to the money.
Geez, you scared me.
We hope.
Why? 'Cause he's probably just walking his dog.
Dogs take their time. What, do you want to be rushed?
Nobody moves. You got that? Rock solid till my order.
Copy.
Victor-9, affirmative. Way to go. Major player is in our sight. Will update. Out.
Move on ball cap! Move, move, move!
I can think of about two million reasons, Tiger.
So you want to talk to us, no lawyer?
And the fact that you're Jack Garris' trainer?
Yeah. 
And the layout of the guy's house.
You want to explain why we found your fingerprints all over the crate Laura Garris was buried in?
Don't go too far, pal.
Aw, kid didn't give up a thing ... except the tape that'll break the case open.
Yeah. The guy has no idea what you science types can do with a little audiotape.
We just picked up our kidnapper-- Chip.
His lawyer was at his house -- wants to make a deal.
Oh, yeah, Kreskin? What's that?
The Victim?
So, what do you think, drowning?
If Wendy Barger was sleeping around, none of her friends knew about it.
Nope. And as far as I can tell, the husband's on the level. He was happier in the marriage than she was.
Oh, man. I wish I had been married to you.
Oh ... mm ... 
I still got half a burger. Besides, I prefer live bodies.
Judge Cohen, you're under arrest for obstruction of justice tampering with state's evidence and violating seven articles of scumbag.
Nice work, man.
Could you wait right here, please?  Stay with Mr. Swelco.
Aah, you know, the usual beep-bap-bop, you know? The guy said he cut his hand cleaning fish. Got a tetanus shot. That's his excuse for the blood we found on the boat. But I'll call the Lake Clinic to confirm.
Oh, shut up. Stevie, hang with him.
Where was the last place you saw your friend?
You two work together?
You guys go into the desert?
You just told us.
So spill it.
Guy knows a lot about the Nevada State Penal Code.
Can you remember your last hours with him Saturday night?
We just don't know if it was an act of aggression or self-defense.
Sara Sidle, Warrick Brown? Officer Joe Tyner.
He responded to shots fired. The suspect fled the scene.
Drawn but not fired.
It's okay. It's okay.
Tyner told you what happened here. Whose side are you on?
Well, at least test the dead guy's hands for gun residue.
Yeah.
What the hell's going on here?
Next time, don't start without me. I'm the union rep on this one.
Is the expended round still missing?
Tyner ... sit down, sit down. What you do need is for these guys to go out and find the missing bullet. 
So what are you waiting for?
Is this payback, Warrick? Is that what this is? I was tough on you, so Officer Tyner takes my heat?
D.A. is filing charges. On the testimony of a bleary-eyed car jockey who was 40 feet from the jeep.
Joe, you shouldn't be here.
This is your fault, Gil. Your nose is so far down a microscope you have no idea what your people are doing.
Hey, I sat in your chair. Your guys have one job: To find the evidence. So where the hell is the missing bullet? Huh?
So I bet you think I owe you one, huh?
Fine with me. 
O'Riley was primary on this till it passed over to me. Big deal.
They sent their caseworker over to the hospital so meet her there with the kid.
Look, I'm not asking you to adopt her. Just take her over to sunrise for a Psych Eval, will you?
Tina, do you know what time you heard those noises?
And that's when you hid in the closet?
Does your family normally keep the doors locked at night?
How about this, Tina? You live in a house with six people, right? You must be used to hearing footsteps in the kitchen late at night. Why so scared last night?
So it just disappeared?
Here's a pen. Start writing.
You want a lawyer? Okay, we'll get you a lawyer. Investigator Stokes will stay with you just in case you remember where you left that scooter.
The kid's name is Jesse Overton. He time-shares the scooter. He admits to having s*x with your girl, and he's asking for a lawyer. 
I want to get a warrant and search his house. I'll keep you posted.
Sophisticated criminal, huh? 
This is the getaway vehicle. Tossing it in his own trash? What else is new? 
Whoa. Is this a pair of jeans under all that blood?
What was that?
Had to, once I put the murder weapon in his mug.
Well, the sick b*st*rd is on the up and up.  Except your last question. Your Why?
Operator says his respiratory reactions were inconsistent. He's lying.
Oh ... you're going to love this.
Ring any bells? Rub-a-dub-dub, dead man in a tub.
Sleeping bag for easy cleanup. Open window so the stench alerts the neighbors.
You tell me, Karnak. 
Now, that's weird.
What kind of language is that? Swedish?
Sure. Okay.
Quincy wants to be alone. We had a case like this three months ago -- a guy found dead in his bathtub. Turned out the suicide was staged. Found a mini-recorder as a suicide note. 
Killer may have struck again.
He wants to get his mojo working.
Three. Did a DMV search.
Yeah, one. Last week. It came in a couple of hours ago. 
Take a look.
Yeah, well, don't bet the sub shop, Warrick. That's about all the evidence you're going to get out of the Bentley. We found it at a car wash off of warm springs. It's been vacuumed detailed -- the whole works. It's cleaner than brand-new.
Dr. Livingston. Your dead man is making cash withdrawals.
The second. Stuart Rampler. The bank called. His ATM card showed a couple of withdrawals after his time of death.
The whole machine?
Okay.
How you doing?
We canvassed a square-mile radius of the ATM machine. Started throwing bums hamburgers out the car window in a nice tight spiral. They ratted him out in 20 minutes.
You want to tell him how you were approached?
No kidding?
How do you like it -- Medium rare? No, you look like a well-done kind of guy.
Can we start again, please?
He pay you cash?
I'll call the brigade.
The luggage stays in the plane. We're going to treat this like a crime scene until we're told otherwise. Tim, Sam, talk to the coach passengers. See what you can't learn. 
All right, look, I'm going to talk to the first class passengers -- they're in the lounge. Let's meet back there in a half an hour, all right?
Las Vegas Air.  Always heard it was a good time.
About thirty minutes ago.
Everyone in first class -- nine passengers, one flight attendant.
Sequestered in the lounge. According to the Flight crew, the deceased had some sort of panic attack and died before they landed.
Deceased found lying between rows one and two.
What is that? Blood?
Oh, it's going to take a lot of tape.
Can I have your attention? I'm Jim Brass, from homicide. This is Catherine Willows and Warrick Brown from Las Vegas Criminalistics. They're here to gather evidence.
In what way?
What did you do?
Your knuckles are pretty banged up.
Lou Everett?
How'd you get that slice around the chops?
I think you need some coffee.
A few cocktails on the plane, Lou?
Mr. Valdez was your life in danger?
Stevie, keep these guys on ice.
I'm sorry, ma'am. This is as far as your daughter can go but we'll have an officer stay with her.
Hi. My name is Jim. What's your name?
Emily. Oh, that's a great name. Emily, I'm going to make you a deal, okay? We're going to borrow your mom for a little while.
Okay? And here's the good part. You get to borrow anything you see on me.
Well, you know, my gun ... it's kind of ... it's old, and it's heavy and ... and it's stuck there. Anything else?
You got a deal, and you know what? This is the best thing. You know why? Because anyone gives you any trouble all you got to do is ... flash this. There you go.
So, were you scared?
Did you see what happened?
Okay. Okay. It's okay. 
Sweet kid -- Emily. Uh, so, er ... Behrle ... how long have you been a physician?
Okay.
And what was the nature of your visit to, uh ... to Las Vegas?
What did happen?
Well, you've seen cops the tv show, so you know our game. The first one to talk gets to make a deal.
No? Well, maybe your daughter Emily needs you to take one.
Tony Candlewell, dead guy.
So, you want to tell us what we're doing here?
Lou.
And, according to the Flight Attendant that's when our stiff lost it and started hammering his call button.
I know what my guy's doing in my seat -- Lou. He's getting ticked off.
That's when he winds up and breaks your seat.
Peacemaker, my ass.  He's got three empties in the pouch.
Seat reeks of whiskey.
The guy probably spilled Lou's drink.
I was boss at CSI once. For a reason.
Anyway, Lou gets up. He's angry. He takes a swipe at the guy. After knocking a few back at 33,000 feet you know, probably misses. And what does he get for his trouble?
Right. So he falls back ... Well ... maybe Lou ... 
... spills his own drink.
Yeah, but you're lucky. Your wife is going to make sure that you get in the playing field.
I did. Max told the dead guy to sit down. He turned, he shoved Max into the food cart 
... Max landed on the ground.
Then he swipes him across the hand. Hence the defensive wound.
Now it's a whole new ball game. It's every man for himself.
Ditto.
We're in close quarters, so there's elbows flying everywhere.
Right.
Yeah. And our guy...
... was found five feet away ... with his head towards coach.
Wish I had Tony Braun's gardener working for me. Guy sniffed it out from the jump. Blinds were drawn shut. Side gate unlocked. Dogs let out. A plus B plus C equals 9-1-1.
So the rumors about ol' Tony boy are true. Drug overdose.
How would you know?
Yeah, looks like the guy had a pill for everything. Can you get a print off those balloons?
It's Braun's Squeeze. She's an ex-stripper, too. Perhaps you two met in a professional capacity.
Uh, let's see.
Quote: Out. Endquote. When Tony's drug dealer showed up, she split. She slept at a friend's house. She didn't like the way Tony acted when he was cruising on magic carpets.
Why don't you just put the camera away before you get arrested?
That's a lawyer's call.
Based on your pupes, I could take you in right now.
When did you last deliver?
Well, she told us as soon as you got there, she left.
What? Shave the soul patch?
First time I heard that.
Got you a brand-new Mercedes, didn't it?
Look, when you left your half a house where did you go?
Well, let's get her on the line.
Let me guess -- she's incommunicado.
Anybody ever tell you to call before you dig?
Oh, is that right? From who? A dead man? You got a name?
Do me a favor, Curt Ritten. Put down the shovel.
Stand over there.
Hey, guys, you might want to check out the basement.
No, burglary, theft and conspiracy, to start.
How'd you know where the silver was buried?
Ever work on his house?
Oh, so, you've been to his house?
Tools of the trade, Curt. Construction items -- hammer, duct tape?
Yeah, well, whatever you don't tell us, we'll find it.
Hey. I've got Detective Vega rounding up Walt Braun. Apparently, this Janine Haywood really got around. 
When she wasn't at Braun's house playing girlfriend, she's over at vault boy's flat playing mistress ... which gives neither of them a credible alibi.
Then I let the girlfriend go. Curt Ritten goes back to lock-up until he posts bail.
Bail processing is this way.
Well, I got motive. According to the family lawyer, the drug addict ... 
I'm calling it what it is. I know you're friends with the family but the guy used heroin. He was a drug addict who stood in line to inherit the old man's fortune.
Walt's out of the picture. He's left out in the cold.
Yeah. Tony promised he'd take care of him. Whatever he got, he split 50-50 all in ... silver included ... up until about a month ago.
Will you volunteer us a DNA sample? It will confirm your story or confirm ours.
So you were at Tony's house the morning he died. Along with Walt Braun whose prints we confirmed on the doggy door.
News flash, sweetheart: Can't make a deal if you keep your mouth shut.
Ain't love grand?
Guy was running one of the oldest scams in Vegas. Would have gotten away with it, to until the getaway driver put a nickel in the guy's jukebox. 
That's the Ortons from Florida. The, uh, couple ID'd the deceased as the con man.
That's the Ortons' money. 
Not in the garage.
Thanks, Sam. The chip clip. Haven't seen that one in a while. 
How's that?
Hey, I got the horsepower on your Vic. Vincent Avery. Age 28, con man out of Atlantic City. Got enough petty thefts and grand larcenies on his record to choke a hippo.
Either that or a spot on your lens.
Hey.
Where you going with this?
Well, there's got to be more than one Ellie Brass in the world. 
Okay, you told me.
PD brings in suspects. I'll put Vega on it.
Of course.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
So, we're going to pick up right where we left off huh, Ellie?
Now you're telling me to get involved.
Hey, listen, nothing places her at the murder.
Vega's on it, he'll find her boyfriend and if I know my daughter, that's your shooter.
So, what, did Warrick tell you to call me?
What am I supposed to do? Hold my breath and count to ten?
Look. I go on the job, it's standard police work. Enjoy Reno. I got this.
Don't worry, I won't. 
Dispatch, Navaho 41 niner seven. In pursuit of a '78 red camaro. Suspect wanted for questioning.
Which one's Keith Driscoll?
Get lost.
I'm only going to ask you once. What are you and Ellie into?
You got her muling in drugs from Mexico. You got her mixed up in homicide over at the ...
Everything's cool.
Give it to me.
Oh, come on -- you know she didn't kill him. Keith Driscoll did.
What?
Oh, I get it. So Vega thinks she'll eventually rat out Driscoll.
Yeah, well, let me tell you something about my daughter.
Never happened.
I'm going to bail you out. You can stay at my place.
You have a place? 
Ellie, why do you do this to yourself? You're better than that. You're better than him.
Yeah.
It was a personal visit.
No. I went looking for Ellie.
Where is she?! 
Everything's a blur after that.
No.
Ellie, are you here?
I'm not leaving anything out.
Careful, she spits.
You going to test for gunshot residue? It's a little late for that.
Satisfied?
It not your job to take my stripes. In this case it is.
No.
Hold it. Hold it.
The hitchhiker.
Yeah, we met. When the three of you got back from Baja.
That was you in the other room.
I need rescue. 826 Herrick Lane. Overdose. Send an ambulance.
No, worse-- you're going to live.
A man's got to do ... 
What is it, Rick?
Yeah?
She's not. Call it the mailman. Ellie doesn't know.
Ellie.
I'm a detective. Listen, I heard that you never went back to Driscoll's apartment that night.
I could have sworn I heard you in that other room.
I guess I've been doing that since you've been born. I mean, I know I was never around, but ... you know, no matter where I am ... no matter what I'm doing ... I always think that you're there. Even if you're not. Come back to me, Ellie.
Sure. Okay. You need a ride to the airport? I can get you there fast.
Oh. Yeah. Okay.
Catch you later.
Yeah. We got an anonymous call to 9-1-1 at the same time the couple found him. A male voice said: A man has collapsed at the Devon. Hurry.
Oh, he's unconscious, but breathing. So paramedics took him to Desert Palm Hospital. There was no bullet wounds, no knife ... nothing.
Bob Fairmont. Upscale home developer.
Well, they took these pictures before they moved him. 
Well, unless he's going to court or to church, there's no way he buttons all three buttons.
I'm going to go to the hospital to talk to Fairmont's wife.
I'm sorry, no. He was found under suspicious circumstances. Do you have any idea who may have redressed him or moved him?
Do you have a name?
I see.
Wife says the guy's a player. She doesn't know the women.
The male voice? Oh, I just got back from central dispatch. The tape's lost. New computer system.
The dispatcher says it could've been a woman whispering. Or a very old person, gender indeterminate.
You told me your husband was in surgery.
Surgery to take his organs not to save his life.
Someone was poisoning your husband.
I'm going to ask you again -- were you in that hotel room with Bob Fairmont?
Who was Fairmont partying with in that room?
Admission form from the ER, 9/6/98. The person who brought Fairmont in on the accidental shooting... was you.
You didn't poison him, either. All these bad things just happen to you.
So, why didn't you tell the truth then?
Well, there's only two reasons a woman shoots a man. She either loves him or hates him.
Oh, this is your residence. Everything in Claudia's office is your property.
Could you tell us why you keep your shampoo in your office?
Aw, you have to do better than that.
Hides the bitter aftertaste.
Ladies ... don't go there.
And you didn't think to tell me that when we first talked?
Oh, so, he had a stroke alone, after you left.
Well, CSI is testing that champagne bottle for selenium.
You seem to know a lot about poison for not being a doctor.
Why would she do that?
What, you know she did that?
I mean, do you have anything beyond your suspicions that she did kill him?
You realize that doesn't look good?
You mean since you yourself have been poisoned?
Why would she want to kill either one of you?
So, you think it was all in Mrs. Fairmont's head?
Okay, that's it. All right ... look, we're not leaving here till we get to the bottom of this.
Nothing as poetic. 
Just, uh, road crew took off at 3:00. Body was discovered 5:15.
Our friend, Flicka.
What's that?
I'll do you one better. The old boyfriend, Gavin Pallard had one against her.
They both filed last month. 
Want to find out why?
What about the last time?
When we find it.
We're looking for, Fine I went there ... and...
Right ... he found a crime scene.
But you didn't call 9-1-1.
Not yet.
So what went wrong? 
But you didn't have a car. Joan did.
Yeah, you got me. Came with the car along with the registration. The R.O.'S our vic Pete Walker.
Nevada State Patrol.
Hey... Peter Walker, our victim worked for cinema road services in Valencia, California. Drives the newly released film reels back and forth to Vegas. 
Drops off the new reels every Tuesday for Friday's release. Brings the old one back. 
Yeah, according to his mileage log.
Pretty much a boy scout except for a speeding ticket.
July 2, last year.
Pete Walker. Excessive speed. July 2, 2001.
He drove himself right out of a license.
Last violation -- excessive speed, June, 2000.
Beside birth dates ... 
All the tickets were written by the same cop.
A clean-cut guy in a suit -- no one looks too close. He must have got a fake I.D.
I ran Roy Logan. No criminal record; no wants; no warrants.
The guy's married. He lives in Summerlin. He bucks up; got a seven year-old son. But I'll check him out.
Code five: Keep vehicle under surveillance; do not make contact with occupants. You know, Catherine had a gun. She could've used it.
Hey. I sent a patrolman to Logan's house. Talked to Mrs. Logan. She's in perfect health. She's not our vic.
Mrs. Logan?
Mrs. Logan, I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas PD. This is Nick Stokes, crime lab.
Have you heard from your husband?
When he didn't come home last night did you find that unusual? Or maybe you're used to it.
Ran Amanda Freeman's phone records. Creature of habit. Mother, gym, Logan, pizza. But the last call made from that house was to a cell phone we traced to Mrs. Logan.
What about the money? A million dollars cash? 
Where's the money now?
Where did Logan say he was staying?
I'll call down, see if his car's in the parking lot.
People donate their body to science end up submerged in a pond? Crammed in a car?
Whoever placed our victim here knew that the body farm existed. What they didn't know is each body is tracked by a bunch of scientists.
Any I.D.?
Okay, I'm going to move him.
Gunshot wound to the chest.
Did Mr. Kimble have many visitors to his house?
Do you have the full name and address of the victim's fiancée, Jane?
I'm Detective Jim Brass. Is Jane Bradley in?
What was your fiancé's business?
You must be the ex-husband.
Mike Kimble was killed tonight.
If we wanted to get in touch with you, how would we reach you?
We'll be in touch.
Photographic and definitive.
What are the chances mom knew what her boyfriend was up to?
Yeah, right. I'm going to look into it.
Yes, we found them at his house.
How did he look at her?
Russ Bradley, Gil Grissom, CSI lab. 
He's not your fiancé. Not anymore, anyway.
I just got back from the events office at the Tangiers where you and Mike were supposed to be married. You canceled your wedding five days ago. I even have your credit card receipt for the ten percent cancellation charge. You didn't like the way he looked at your daughter any more than your ex did.
Match not found. You got to be kidding me.
The guy has naked pictures of her in his townhouse. The mother called off their wedding.
How do you explain your semen on her nightgown?
The county automatically provides your son with an advocate. We can't proceed until he arrives.
Jake, did you take pictures of your sister and plant them in Mike Kimble's house?
You do have keys to his house, though. Right? I mean, your mother told us that both you kids do.
Well, maybe a little hobbit put it there.
You're quite a marksman, Russ ... and inventive. You managed to build a bullet made of meat. 
Yeah. We got this from your garage on a warrant. We figured a gun enthusiast like yourself would have one of these. Packs gunpowder into used shell casings. Cheaper than buying new rounds, right?
Then you dumped him at the body farm. Your grocery chain makes regular meat deliveries there for experimental purposes. Then what? You arsoned his place to cover up the murder?
Grabbed the nail polish remover from the bedside table poured it all over the place?
The guy wants to take the heat for his daughter on the arson well, where's the harm in that?
Don't you think that little girl's been through enough?
He doesn't have to. The sleeping bag's talking loud and clear.
On the bench -- he was moved there after he collapsed in front of the net. Apparently, uh the guy was responsive enough to be helped off the ice. He died a few minutes later.
Well, according to the on-site doctor, he took on across the cheek earlier in the second period.
Hockey, rough game.
Terry Rivers was an instigator. Always stirring the pot.
Yeah, down to the last stick. Here's a copy of the team roster.
See you later.
You said everybody hated him-- now we know why.
The fact that Terry Rivers churned and burned your brokerage account out of ten grand that didn't enter into it?
You weren't the only one, were you?
Like you said, nobody saw anything.
Wait, you're not going to ... what are you doing?
Not according to the pharmacy in your medical building. Last month you wrote a prescription for quinine -- an anti-malaria medication.
It's like giving a candy bar to a diabetic if you know he's a diabetic.
You were always cleaning up her messes weren't you, Doctor?
Let's take a little drive.
No, sir, just, uh, uh, stick around.
Hey. Uh, Larry Maddox. Owns the bus company.
Yeah, he coughed up the passenger manifest including the driver, Martin Draper. Twenty-four passengers, one PAL. 
Calvin McBride. Seat one-C. California state pen, two years aggravated assault. He was paroled last week.
It was news to his parole officer.
You know, my guys are matching names to faces both here and at the hospital. McBride tops the list. I'm going to talk to Maddox.
The kid in the Camaro didn't make it.
Only to end up pinned under a bus.
Do not resuscitate? It doesn't make sense for a young person. Why refuse CPR? 
I get it. It's busy here in Barstow. But you do remember the bus?
Did, uh, did they come off the bus?
But you do remember the bus?
Did you see a couple arguing?
Body count jumped to nine dead. 
Sabrina Wright, law student, 7-B.
Pronounced an hour ago.
Hmm .... Gwen Murray, 1-B ... was unemployed, but was clearing a bundle in alimony. Also got the porsche and the vacation home.
Michael Goodman, 10-C was picked up a couple times by vice for making fake IDs. 
Ryan Hyde, a Money Manager in 4-C, filed bankruptcy last year but carried a hefty life insurance policy. I mean, I could go on.
He didn't want her in Vegas. First step to stopping her is stopping the bus.
Chloroform can be picked up at any chemical supply store. 
Well, his car should be towed in by now.
The bus company. Larry Maddox -- he talks a good game but, he cheaped-out on his supplies and he's been way too helpful.
Not to mention all the private vehicles, truckers-- nothing's changed since I was here yesterday.
Yeah, a guy putting air in a tire at a rest stop does not draw attention.
That's him. That's our boy. Sean Nolan?
I forgot what you told me. Wasn't much to tell.
Maddox?
Well, there's always a first time. You're under arrest.
Did some digging on Jane Galloway. Her boyfriend had a TRO against him.
And that's thirteen times too many according to the restraining order. We're going to check out his house.
Looks like the boyfriend skipped out on us.
All right, all right. Get out of the car, get out of the car.
Sit down on the ground. Sit down, sit down. Sit down; just sit.
Are you Adam Piorio?
We're going to take you to a place and help you remember.
Let's start again. What happened last night?
So, you went to Jane's house. What next?
But you called her thirteen times. Once, you're in love. Twice, you're obsessed. More than three, you're a stalker.
Well, that's a lucky alibi. Roll him out of here.
Well, he was an eyewitness, sort of. I mean, he says he had a vision of Jane Galloway's murder hours before it happened.
Well, he has details. He has details that weren't on the news or the press release.
So I ran Merlin's, uh, credit card with his permission. Do you know where he was the night of the murder? Monaco Hotel. Room 834. Guess who was in the adjoining room? Jane Galloway.
According to the front desk you placed a call to Jane Galloway's room at, uh 9:12 P.M.? Lasting 21 seconds?
Phone records say that she received three calls.
Hey.
It's, it's done. All right?
Paige Rycoff, freshman. Couldn't stand the heat, dropped out of school. 
Booked a one-way ticket home to boulder. Never got there. Four days M.I.A.
... quicksand.
Hey.
Thanks, fellas. Thanks, guys.
You want me to go, too?
She was definitely on her way out of here.
Yeah, but she didn't take her suitcase, her purse ... or the cab she called.
Maybe she had a change of plan. Or someone changed it for her.
Come in.
Maybe they were in her pocket.
One moment Paige Rycoff is here the next ... vanished.
Pledge prank. You boosted a carpet and a couch?
When? After you graduate? What else did you take, Henry?
But you do know her.
You got a name on this other guy?
You can go.
But the stuff gets returned.
Jennifer Riggs -- missing girl's roommate. She dropped out of school, too about a month and a half ago.
Yeah. Possible sexual assault so I thought I'd wait for the whole team.
Will you tell us his name?
Who was at this party?
Kevin Watson, 19, room 407 just down the hall from our girls. Athletic director says he plays first base, bats right-handed.
Three D's and a C, nothing criminal. Number 25, just like McGwire.
So what did happen, Kevin? You attack Paige, too? Hell, you been in her room before but unlike her roommate Paige fought back, is that it?
No, I'll do that but in the meantime, you're coming with us. You're under arrest for the use of a controlled substance in the sexual assault on Jennifer Riggs. Get him out of here.
Wait for me. Wait for me in the car.
Let's start with an easy question. Paige Rycoff was a student of yours.
Your car's on the way to the crime lab. We're going to need to search your home.
Where has she been?
Let's take a ride in the black-and-white.
No, I understand. I'll send an officer with you, just in case.
Let me remind you, you have the right to counsel.
How about this one? A phone call made from your house to Paige's dorm room the day she disappeared.
12:16 P.M., Four minutes long.
So, are you home during the day?
Were you home around twelve o'clock on the day that Paige Rycoff disappeared?
Mrs. Woodbury do you have the keys to your husband's car?
Yeah.
Expectant father.
You always drive through campus?
What time is this?
So you took a shortcut?
Welcome to a 4-45.
Just this $50,000 Beemer. Marcie Tobin. Her car. And Marcus Remmick, mechanic, an eyewitness. So, divide and conquer?
I'll take the grease monkey.
Yeah. But you checked it out anyway, huh?
How's the puzzle?
Well, I got a corner piece. The 4-1-1 on Marcie Tobin's husband? Junior foreman on Tobin C &amp; D, Incorporated. The C stands for Construction the D is for Demolition.
Well, speaking of inventory, I checked the books. As you know, per the ATF every stick of dynamite is catalogued. You logged-out a case of 24. When the demolition project was postponed you returned the case ... one stick short.
Tell about your girlfriend.
Cry me a river, Johnny.
Then point us in the right direction.
The business registration shows that you own 25% of your father's company. So Nevada's a community property State-- you divorce Johnny he becomes a part-owner of Tobin Construction. That wouldn't sit too well with dad, would it?
You know, for your information, um ... your mechanic friend lawyered up. Guys with records roll fast.
Sit down.
You used to own a '92 volvo. I ran your credit card. You owe $20,000 in auto body repairs. Your dad kicked in $30,000. I ran his credit card, too. That's 50 g's for a leaky transmission.
Ma'am, you and your father conspired to frame your husband for attempted murder.
Kid's playing tag, takes a header in the dirt ends up with first-degree on his hands.
Yeah, I'm getting there. So, Hazmat arrives figuring some sort of chemical spill. Starts removing the toxic soil, and bamm a shovel slams into a shoulder blade.
His body was found at Sunset Park. His license gave this address.
When was the last time you saw him?
But you didn't drive home together?
So I sent out some bulletins. Got a hit on Weston's missing Mercedes. Sullivan called it in. He's a typical tow guy. I'll run him.
You didn't ask his name?
You work fast.
You left an $80,000 Mercedes idling.
Let's just cut to the chase. 
Actually, the issuing judge disagrees.
But you won't.
You don't have to be a scientist to know where that came from.
We got enough for a hit-and-run.
Save it. You're under arrest.
He made bail.
Oh, I almost forgot. Here's a warrant to search your premises. 
Unless the keys are in the ignition hand them over.
I'm a safe driver. Wait outside.
You don't know who phoned it in?
Mr. Sullivan, in '96 you were arrested for vandalism, right?
St. Ignacias High School, right?
So two nights ago he has a party. High-end guest list, very private. That was the last anyone saw of him. Housekeeper arrives 20 minutes ago. This is what she found.
No sign of the wife.
Housekeeper assumed that she spent the weekend with the grandmother.
We need serious damage control. When the media gets a hold of it it's going to be bad for morale all around. Watch your step.
What do you got? 
Thirty-eight .
Pearl handle Twenty-five . 
Clear?
For Twenty-Five years of distinguished service. An honor like that. Keep it in the case.
In-house security. Blue jacket. First time he saw the car was Saturday. Chalked the tires twice. Saw the bulletin on the Chief and called us.
We were waiting on you to check the trunk.
Whoa. 
Excuse me.
Okay.
Florida highway patrol called. Several motorists saw a girl matching Sasha's exact physical description walking along an access road.
Miami-Dade county. Chief was shot Friday night. It's a two-day drive if you don't stop. It's national news with national attention. I'm not surprised we're getting call-ins.
Miami is pulling cars out of canals -- chasing leads, debriefing the kid -- and you guys are flipping through textbooks?
Tuberculosis ... Cyanide poisoning ... Endocrinology.
You're closer to this Van Der Welk guy than you're letting on aren't you?
Doctor.
Nothing but a blanket.
Ah ... we don't know. Patrol called it in. Well, whoever she is she's not talking.
Whoa.
It's called gentrification.
Tell that to the mayor. The landlord's on vacation. It's a good thing because he's got a swimming pool in his basement.
Ashleigh James apartment ...
The first officer on the scene found the door open. After that, he didn't touch a thing.
Yeah, what have you got?
Hey.
Find anything?
Anything out front?
You are what you eat.
Rod Darling? Las Vegas Police.
All right, that's enough.
No, I don't. I mean, I don't know. I care about a woman, I put her picture in a frame. Maybe put it on my desk but to tear it up and throw it in the garbage with old cole slaw that just doesn't say love to me.
What did you use to cut up the picture? Same knife you were waving around at Rod? The same knife you used to cut up Ashleigh's face?
Nobody could blame you for being mad, Cassie. I mean, your sister took your career and you wanted to get back at her. If you couldn't have success, she couldn't either. Isn't that right?
So, which one of you is the victim?
She's a needle freak. She doesn't know what she's talking about.
That's enough!
All right, read her her rights.
For the record, I don't like being put in the middle.
I did a little homework on the guy who took a nosedive after he was electrocuted. Three days ago, he was voted union rep. Demanded more overtime pay, pressed for a walkout.
Right.  Well, in case you're interested Bob Harris was the sheriff's best man.
I heard the sheriff chewed you a new one.
Yeah, you want me to check out your Deep Throat? 
Well, that was fast.
Doesn't that tell you something?
I'll check out the guy. Gil, why do you do this to yourself?
The guy's dead. It could have been suicide ... accident. But you've always got to push it.
You know what I think? Adrenaline. You need the rush. But that's just me.
And take a pipe to Roger Valenti's head four days before he died. No, it wasn't on the foreman's report. Valenti's widow told me.
But this guy died and Bob Harris had nothing to do with it. 
He's guilty.
Mr. Wolf. We got you for murder. Premeditated.
You're under arrest.
It's all you, man.
Barry Schickel. Wallet's still with him. With cash. A student. Recently voted class clown.
Who said the shooter was scared.
With his zipper down and his hands otherwise engaged.
So, you say that football practice was over at 5:45?
And it was okay for a student like this victim to return to the school property to use the restroom. That wasn't out of the ordinary?
That's okay. I'll drop by your office. We'll finish it there.
You found a slug. So, the treasure hunt paid off, huh?
Well, the nerd squad is off and running. I'm going to ... uh ... burn a little shoe leather and see whether the victim had a beef with anyone.
So, you admit you fired a gun.
So the same night that Barry Schickel was shot and killed you were out taking target practice?
Where's your gun?
We're conducting a police investigation here.
Questioned. A student was shot and killed in this building tonight.
We'll be in touch.
I checked out those kids you talked to. None of them was even near the school when Barry Schickel was killed ... 
The only one who doesn't check out is Dennis Fram.
Sure, let's go.
That's the timeline of the murder, Mr. Fram. We know every move your son made up until the gun. That's why we want to see your collection. You're registered as having two dozen weapons?
Let's get back to my first question, Miss Fram. Where were you the night Barry Schickel was killed?
So what, your perfume just wafted into the boys' room all the way from highway 10?
Can I, uh ... can I talk to you for a minute?
He copping to anything?
I don't think so. Kelsey was otherwise indisposed. She got a parking ticket the same time the vic was shot in an alley behind a motel off Fremont street. In fact, a lot of cars got tickets that night.
Football coach.
Well, I paid coach a visit. The guy's 23, just got engaged. I mean, he'll testify to anything as long as his fiancé doesn't find out. He says that Kelsey gave him a roll in the hay asked him to intercede with Barry-the-bully and get the kid to leave her little brother alone. She didn't kill anyone.
I worked in a slaughterhouse one summer. Looked a lot like this. 
The lease is in the name of Clifford Renteria. He lived here with his girlfriend till they snuck out in the middle of the night. Gee, I wonder why.
Yeah, sure. Deer, sheep, llama.
Victim's human.
When I said Cliff Renteria and his girlfriend skipped out in the middle of the night, I didn't have the whole story. 
Any idea where she might be?
So you noticed that she was gone?
Monaco Receiving. Clifford Renteria, platform manager.
Are you Clifford Renteria?
Las Vegas police. With the crime lab. Do you have any knowledge of the whereabouts of Alison Scott?
Who had it coming?
You got a stigmata?
Nosebleeds?
This guy blows ten quarts of blood from his nose onto his wall? You want to ask for a demonstration?
Mr. Renteria. We're going to need a sample of your blood -- from your arm, not your nose -- and a visit to your new apartment.
That's after you come down and give us that blood sample.
I thought you said the blood on those walls couldn't be his.
And this relates to your magic nose, how?
Nobody released you. 
Sorry to interrupt your fun but I have someone here you might like to meet. Jimmy Durante's girlfriend.
You don't have to ask his permission. I got a new warrant that covers his apartment.  Your wife being missing put it over. Funny you didn't mention that before.
What's the matter? Didn't realize how bad a corpse can smell so you just decided to move it around the place?
He wasn't exact.
Not enough candles in the world ... 
Body is Shelley Danvers. DOB: 10/10/81. Employee walked in to get towels ... 
... found her here.
Done fell out. That's what the night manager says.
Yeah, I was born yesterday.
You're the registered owner of a Lorcin .380. Takes the same caliber bullet as the slugs we took out of the victim. So, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where's your gun?
Do you think we believe that? Do you think ... 
Especially if no one checks up on them. A hotel employee is supposed to check on the various saunas every 15 minutes. Hotel regulations, right? We, uh, we got a copy of the check-up sheet.
No hotel employee checked in on the sauna after 7:30 P.M.
Anyone up for breakfast?
Well, I guess I'll go see Tina alone. Hotel tells me she's down playing quarter slots.
Well, my guy in the hotel lounge tells me that Tina and Shelley were having a catfight over some dude named Jeremy the day she died. That's probably how the shirt really got ripped.
Well, maybe this will help - 
The travel agency contract you and Shelley signed. Under allergic reactions to foods for Shelley Danvers -- shellfish.
And then we have this from the hotel computer for your room 7:01 P.M., On the day: A Taste From the Sea a lovely tureen of mild bisque with pureed bits of Maine lobster.
Miss Kolas, you're under arrest.
Paramedics pronounced twenty minutes ago. Megan Treadwell. I ran her plates. Thirty-three tomorrow.
So let me get this straight, all you saw was a car trying to beat the signal?
The SUV.
Thanks for your time.
That's not yours, is it?
855 Martingale.
Because of this woman?
Did you see it?
Does Mr. Double Latte have a name?
You've been walking in circles for ten minutes.
Body dump?
A thousand square miles of desert in Vegas and this perp dumps the body in a sandbox.
Maybe she was a domestic.
Well, the DMV records indicate that she hit town from South Dakota three years ago. I figure the bright lights faded and she snagged a sugar daddy.
Close-- one police officer, two criminalists. May we come in?
Really? Were there any disturbances last night? Did you hear screams?
Well, then can you tell us what time Mona got off? 
There's no sexual contact or anything illegal going on here, of course.
Lady Heather you don't what to know what I think. 
Do you have any kind of log book? Some record of who was working that night? What they did with their time? That sort of thing?
Not particularly. But it might help us catch the creep who murdered Mona.
Five guards, three civilians wounded. One dead bad guy. Armed robbers snatched the lock boxes from the two high-stakes tables right off the rolling cage.
Busiest time of night. Three women-organized and muscled.
Hey, they got away with 250K.
Small time or not these ladies are dangerous.
The same M.O. as Laughlin. Last month, cottage casino, men dressed as women shot the place to hell. In and out in under five.
And the more you practice ...
Mr ... Mr. Duncan -- take a deep breath and tell us what happened.
Anything else?
Okay. Thanks a lot. And check in with triage before you leave. 
Well, that was helpful.
Quick escape.
Right.
Right.
I got it. Thank you very much. Excuse me.
I've interviewed 17 people. No two accounts are alike.
Yeah, groundbreaking.
That's wonderful, Gil. If I see a gorilla, I'll arrest it.
Before Mr. Brower dressed up as a woman and heisted a casino, he was a janitor at an office park off Flamingo. Before that, he was out of town.
I got a warrant.
Whoo, tidy little camper, isn't he?
What are we looking for?
Dirty laundry?
Okay. Let's see ...
Well, while you're at it don't forget his wigs and bras.
A trucker called it in.
Yeah.
All these bushes would provide good cover.
Yeah. Skid mark; one tire.
Where's the other one?
Max Duncan?
I'll tell you how this works: I'll ask the questions; you give the answers downtown.
Max ... are you clairvoyant?
Okay, let's try this. Why were you leaving town? Trying to beat a murder rap?
That's a lot.
When someone is killed during the commission of a felony all the conspirators are liable.
Tell me, who else was involved? Who killed Darin?
Then we got no deal. Officer.
You know what? I kind of believe him.
So, the last man standing killed Darin.
And absconding with a quarter of mill stolen money.
How does a cop hook up with an ex-con like Darin?
Where is the cash?
Yeah, well, you're still not that guy. Get him out of here.
Doyle Pfeiffer, best poker player in the world. Eighteen hours ago he sits down at the table a healthy man. A half an hour ago, he drops dead in his chair.
We're not satisfied. This is high stakes. We're treating it like a murder.
Mmm.
Some young, loud-mouthed player thinks it's his pot.
Excuse me.
Look ... look. Shh ... see this badge? I'm not with the gaming commission. You got a problem with gaming, see the guy in the bad suit. 
Here's the deal: Pending an investigation, it's our pot.
So, how many pots is that?
Yeah.
Lita Gibbons? 
Why don't you sit this one out? Come with me.
You use eyedrops?
Can we see them?
You tipped some waitress $1,500 the other night? You in business, or you in love? 
That all you threw her? Put a shot in her? Anything else I should know? I mean, we're just talking here.
All right, let's go with that-- an edge.
Sure, we can. You put your eyedrops in Doyle Pfeiffer's drink. That's what killed him.
So, let's talk motive.
The subject, Tom Haviland, says he had a romp with two ladies between
When he puts himself in the room.
Uh ... Tonya. He said she was gone when he returned.
Yeah, Mr. Haviland's assistant a Raymond Lester, notified hotel security and called 9-1-1.
Eyewitnesses place him downstairs at the time this took place. Mr. Lester is in ... LA at a morning meeting. He's flying back this evening.
He's in the other room.
Conflicting statements and forensic evidence.
Blood evidence.
That's all for now. When we have more information, we'll release it to you. Thank you excuse us.
Tom's best friend, Ray -- he's coming in tonight. Volunteering to give a blood sample.
He also lawyered up. Guess who's paying the legal bills?
Legalized hush money. Ought to be a law against it.
Tell me, counselor does Tom Haviland pay in a timely fashion?
Great. Then you can confirm what we already know from Ray's cell phone records: Tom Haviland called you to his suite at 1:31 A.M. To help him clean up his double murder.
Okay. We have a surveillance tape of you carrying what appears to be one of the bodies out of the casino an hour later in a golf bag identical to this one. Here are some photos from that tape.
He's dumping a body. And as we speak the police department is out looking for it.
Matches the description of Tonya. Maintenance guy found her a half an hour ago. The golf pro says they've closed the back nine down for months -- improvements.
Did, uh, Tom Haviland ever play a boxer? Girl's face looks like hamburger meat.
Chest, hands, arms right there.
Hey, Marjorie Wescott blew in here and shut us down. She said if we wanted full body shots we were going to have to get a court order. So the D.A.'S working on it.
No kidding. Meanwhile, we're presenting half a case to a judge.
Cal and Monica Newman. Owners of the house. My guess, second marriage.
He's, uhm ... got a good sense of humor.
So what are we calling this, murder, suicide, what?
No.
Reminds me of my daughter. She used throw butts out the window, too.
A kid. Son, 15, Max Newman. He's M.I.A. like the father. The secretary said he went out for lunch and never came back. I checked the garage -- three cars. None of the hoods are hot.
Mr. Heitz, you're Mr. Newman's realtor. Have you seen your client lately?
You always give out the combination to your lockboxes? It's illegal.
According to his office, he left work at 1:00. It's about right. 
What is that, some kind of filter?
Hey, I'm from Jersey, we swim at the shore.
This is the realtor. I just did a background check on that guy. Half a dozen robberies in the houses he has listed. Art, antiques, stuff like that.
Exactly.
Selling house as a front for porno a little blackmail on the side.
Lust doesn't live in your heart.
Oh, no, no, no. Red Rock Canyon. A field trip. Oh, I'm getting that. 
What I'm not getting is this.
This is not the first time, is it, Max?
Well, let me lay it out for you.
So you must've thought you won the lottery. And the only thing standing between you and the winning ticket was your father.
How come?
We also found your fingerprints and your hair.
Well, you made sure you were everywhere, too, didn't you?
Oh, yeah, that's right. You rang the bell. You had the physical tools for the training but not the character.
Lawrence Ames, clothing salesman from phoenix. He's 35, four foot, five inches tall. 
One of the, uh, convention organizers found him. She was checking out the stage. There's a fashion show tomorrow if you're interested. She looked up and saw him.
You logged on at times when Lawrence was at work. We checked his work records.
Our court order ... your blood.
Boy, do I have good timing, or what? I did a little checking with the phone company. In the past year, Lawrence Ames received over two hundred calls from Melanie Grace.
He got call-blocking against her two months ago.
If it would break up his new engagement. So what happened? You went to the convention you saw him with his tall girlfriend and you go to plan B?
Okay, thank you.
Kevin Marcus?
Maybe a little bit of both. 
The lab also found your hair all over that rope.
Nice try, Kev. They hair was caught in the noose.
So you created Danielle to break up your daughter's engagement.
So, what'd you have against the guy?
So you killed him.
Can we prove it?
So?
Hey, the guy put a rope around the victim's neck.
Your wheelchair was in the booth at the convention. The fibers from the seat cover to your wheelchair match the fibers we found on the victim. Uh, faux, fake sheepskin.
We also know how you got Mr. Ames into the theater.
It's enough to convict you. GRISSOM: May I ask a question? How did you get him into the wheelchair? 
Mr. Marcus, I think you should know ... your daughter is already pregnant by Lawrence Ames.
