Little guy was hungry.
We got word to be on the lookout for Nate Haskell.
Does this look like high-velocity blood spatter to you?
No gunshot.
At LVPDcsi.com?
I processed Tina Vincent's room. Prints I lifted place three people there... Nate Haskell, Tina Vincent...
Did Mr. Traxler bring anything to the house with him?
I always try to remain impartial, but a woman like Eunice Duggan should not be allowed to procreate.
So we can forget the trash run.
Guy covered in chocolate... that's gonna make a mess.
Victim's eyes are Amber.
Wow, it's the same guy.
Then you can confirm the birthmark on his left butt cheek... one in the shape of Rhode Island?
Stopped working there three weeks ago.
What's up?
And the flames... we did find candle wax residue.
Hey, guys.
Got the DNA results from Rachel Grier's tent... the blood Russell found in the fridge is a match to Rachel.
Mm-hmm... blood vessels still look fairly red.
And he'd been there before.
Each .44 millimeters of hair is a day in the life.
In the billiards world, worsted cloth is also known as speed cloth.
Right.
That's what got me thinking.
That hornet pattern is pretty similar to the bruises on Jimmy Turelli's face.
Actually, we're here from the Vegas crime lab.
After he was clocked with a bridge-- one that looks just like yours.
Pool hustlers Wall of Fame.
It's definitely not something that was hacked together in somebody's garage.
Wow.
Yep.
Yeah. Either way, looks like the killer had to touch the sleeping bags, so it could be a good source of prints.
Greg.
Why were you in the alley?
Okay, we're on the same side here.
I think I may have found something from our killer's last ride.
Russell.
It looks like Lexi was trying to send this clip to somebody. She entered this phone number, but it didn't go through.
We cross-reference this with everyone who drives a 1986 Chevrolet Suburban, and we might get our guy.
The prints came back to Daniel Shaw.
Our friend, Brother Larson.
Could be we've been wrong.
Vehicle is a black Lincoln Continental, Nevada plates.
Hey.
Hey.
The kind you might use to transport a deadly pathogen.
The UV light and formaldehyde nuked all biologicals, so there's no DNA.
Greg marked the case right here by the door.
The official reports will simply show a spike of 15 new infections, 12 of them fatal. But Jack and I know the truth about the numbers. And we will have to live with it.
In fact, it's such a powerful oxidizer, that when you add the gummy bear or the sugar, it reacts violently.
This is one sheet of 92 that were exposed to the fire in Mr. Messner's classroom.
And Messner found it first. Messner was a neat freak. If anything was out of place, he would've noticed. With DMSO acting as a skin absorbent for the cyanide... anybody who touched that answer key was doomed.
Oop.
Nice résumé, Hannah. National Honor Roll. President of the French Club. Literacy Volunteer of the Year. Captain of the swim team. Is that right?
And Turk's.
Just wait for our poolside spa treatments.
Guess that's why those defense attorneys pay her the big bucks.
Please, come on.
Hey, Henry.
He underestimated her. He finally made a mistake.
It's a hand stamp of a crown.
So far, I have it narrowed down to four.
And the problem is, she went to so many places, who knows how many hundreds of people she met?
Hi.
Well, we think it could be the face of our killer.
Well, DNA says that all the blood at the scene belongs to the victim, and prints gave us an I.D.
Got a file folder here full of legal paperwork.
If anything, I tried to save her.
