Why are you asking my client about a rental car?
Where are you going with this?
Okay, but my client returned the Bentley the day before yesterday. It was washed and then rented again, so perhaps that individual drove through Sutor on his or her way out of town. Or, as you know, that pod could be weeks or months old.
Okay, I'm sorry. You don't have a DNA sample of my client's for comparison purposes.
You do not have to do that.
All right. That's it. We're finished here. Let's go.
Ms. Curtis, that is uncalled for.
Now, Mark would've heard something, and if he's claiming he didn't, I'd be looking at him.
Prove it.
Objection: Argumentative.
Your honor, defense reiterates our objection. She's a
Absolutely, your honor. Uh, Hannah, wh-what were you trying to say?
You go ahead, Hannah. You say what you need to say.
Reasonable doubt. You know, I'm not surprised to hear the prosecution say those words, because its case offers nothing but reasonable doubt.
Access to sodium?! Marlon couldn't find sodium on a periodic table of the elements, let alone a locked supply closet.
Access to library printers? Do you really think a kid like Marlon spends any time in a library?
The showerhead. Yes, Marlon's tall enough. 
He could reach it, but he still would have had to have handled a volatile chemical with expert safety precautions in order to orchestrate an explosion.
I mean, ladies and gentlemen, do you know how to do that? I don't know how to do that. Right? You'd have to be ... a genius. 
Marlon? Not a genius. You know, one of the underpinnings of our justice system is that it is better to send a hundred guilty men free than to imprison even one who's innocent. Marlon West is an innocent man.
Reasonable doubt compels you to find him not guilty.
You found clothing in a laundry basket that tested positive for gunshot residue. So what? That doesn't mean my client killed anyone.
Catherine, I'm sorry, but if I understand your forensics, the GSR test does not, in fact, confirm that she fired a gun. I mean, it's possible she rubbed up against someone who did.
Okay, don't respond to that.
