Well, this car's already been cleaned and detailed. It's ready to be sold.
No. No, there's not a change of plans. This baby's staying right where she sits. I'm not in the give-away-the-car-to-cops business. I'm in the sell-the-car-to-willing-victims business.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Charlotte? She and I are friends. I ... I knew her.
Yeah. I was with her. I went to see Charlotte to give her the car. Helped Charlotte through a rough patch, but lately she's been ducking me.
I'll give you money for a cab. Tomorrow, we'll see about getting you a good used car.
Guess that's what you get for helping a friend, you know. Look, I feel awful about Charlotte. I really do. But I'll tell you this: Whatever happened, happened after I got this car.
Father Frank and I are actually old friends. Just having a conversation about church finances.
Not anymore. Well, there you go. We done here?
It's like I told you before, I was helping her out. I was letting her live there and use the car till she got on her feet. She came back to Vegas broke and strung out, and I was helping her.
It was supposed to be short-term, but it was endless. Sort of like renovating St. Jude's.
No, that's not what the fight was about. I went to talk to him about Charlotte. I thought maybe taking the car back had something to do with her death. I don't know. Then he said something; I said ... I don't even remember, to tell you the truth. But I'll tell you this: he lost it. I've never seen Frank like that.
Can't talk to him in his office with that Sister Bridget hovering around. Besides, I'd never want his relationship with Charlotte to be open to misinterpretation.
They were more than friends.
I'm trying to shoot a commercial here, so I don't see why this can't wait.
I can't even read this, so why don't you tell me what it is that you want?
Well, there's my wife.  Candy! Get my damn lawyer on the phone now.
Would ... would you just do it, please?
J-j-j-j-j-J... hold on for a minute, all right? J-Just hang on?
Where's my wife?  Candy?!
No matter how much evidence you have, I'm the Big Hombre. I get whatever I want, including store-bought justice.
Yeah, like I said, I only saw her that last time to get the car.
Come on. I'd come every night if you wanted me to. You know that.
Why would you do that?
That's what you got for me? You got, you're sorry? I'm sorry, too.
Yeah, I decorated her condo, you know that? I bought her that car. Special-ordered the paint to match the color of her eyes. She didn't care as long as she had a place to stay. That's all she cared about.
Should have, but I didn't.
Look, I'm sorry about the dress, all right?
Wait, wait, wait. I want to know who you're leaving me for.
What is that?
It's Frank, isn't it?  Isn't it?
It's always been Frank.
Bless for I have sinned. My last confession was two weeks ago. I lied to my wife seven times. I cheated an old lady out of a classic car. And I killed my best friend for cheating on me with you.
I knew she'd go running to him. She'd always run back to Frank, and I knew he wouldn't be there. He was never there.
I don't know how I came up with that. You know, Frank always used to talk about the problem of human evil. How ... you better watch out 'cause it'd come into you in times of despair. Something terrible came into me that night. 
I loved Charlotte more than anything.
You were my friend. You should have come to me like a man.
