Hey, tough luck about the, uh, wife abuser getting released.
You think I wanted you to whiff out on that? Your reputation as an entomologist elevates this entire crime lab which elevates my stature by association.
You're dropping the ball in other areas, though. Administratively?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court.
Hey, he told my guy it was an emergency but I have it on good authority that he was gambling. 
At the Monaco.
That's right. On CSI time. I don't like him using one of my guys as a cover. I figure if he brings anybody down with him it should be from your shift. Don't you think?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court, but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
Grissom.
Night shift so slow you've got to pick over my cases?
He's a volunteer fireman, Gil. He knows how to start a fire and hide the evidence. Don't you think, if this guy was remotely innocent his attorney would be involved in your little investigation?
No, we are public servants. We investigate cases as efficiently as we can and then we move on. We're not a clearinghouse for defendants on the eve of trial who don't like what we've turned up.
Fine. Spin your wheels.
What the hell are you doing?
You're checking for faulty wiring? Waste of time, Gil. Fire started on the floor in the closet not in the wires in the wall.
A heater? There was no heater there.
And I suppose you happen to know which outlet it was plugged into?
That's a little far-fetched, don't you think?
All right, you say wall, I say floor. We differ on points of origin. The jury's only going to hear one word: Gasoline.
I personally swabbed the closet floor. Found traces of hydrocarbon chains confirming gasoline. Leave it alone, Gil. The DA agrees with me on this.
No, there's only one unanswered question. Why was there accelerant in the closet? Only one person knows. And that's why he's looking at the death penalty.
I didn't send anyone. It's been on the books for months.
If you'd have checked the docket like everybody else you would've known what was happening. Coffee?
Guess you don't want cream with that.
I need to speak with him.
Well, let me guess ... about his involvement with a dead hooker?
I realize that. Thank you. I just came from the lab. His prints were all over Kristy Hopkins' house. Let's see, wine glass ... oh, bedside table.
I need a DNA sample from you, Nick.
We found a condom, used.
A license plate number? Vehicle belongs to Jack Willman. Had a fight with Kristy Hopkins outside the Orpheus last night around midnight.
Well, I'll look into it but come on -- your fingerprints, your DNA --that's what's going into evidence.
You think I want to believe that a CSI could commit murder? Hell, I don't even want to believe that a CSI could sleep with a hooker.
Catherine, I'm sorry if you guys don't like where the evidence is pointing. But show me otherwise -- tell me I'm wrong. In the meantime, my hands are tied. I have protocol to follow.
Boy, if I ever get in trouble, I know which CSI I'm going to.
The witness sounds believable.
Ignore the evidence against Stokes it looks like special favors for CSI.
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
I just got off the phone with the Sheriff. He wants results, Gil.
No. What he should do is go to his first team-- my team.
Well, it is, and my crew usually wins.
You know, you can joke all you want. It's your ass on the line.
Like I said, it's all about results. And, if you don't get them I will.
I've been going over it.
What, you're afraid I'll find something that might show you up?
I don't care that you got some pimply-faced kid to confess. You kept the Sheriff out of the loop. That's a career-killer, Gil.
Willows. Just the person I wanted to see. I just signed off on the authorization to destroy evidence in the Stephanie Watson homicides since I was the primary, and then I learned tonight that the evidence has been checked out by you and Warrick. You care to explain that?
But Kelso didn't have an accomplice.
Swing shift's short a couple of bodies.
Not anytime soon -- Catherine, there are budget constraints. You'll have to prioritize.
No, no, no, come on in. So, how's your, uh, your surfer dude case?
All right, nothing suspicious and no crime's committed? Put the case to bed. I'm sure your supervisor can keep you busy. Close it.
I thought you told me you closed the Cory Demayo case. Catherine, nothing happens in this lab that I don't know about.
Did I make a mistake promoting you?
Congratulations, Sanders. Good work.
Okay, gang, there's people to put in jail. Let's get back to it, shall we? Come on, come on, now. Party's over. Let's go.
Sidle. 
Get in my office. Now.
You are a law enforcement officer and a representative of this city. That means I expect you to conduct yourself in an appropriate manner, in and away from this lab.
Just take a seat. 
Willows is a supervisor -- that means you treat her with respect. Insulting her in front of coworkers ...
All right-- your superior. Sara, you berate witnesses, you disrespect the people you work with, you luck your way out of a DUI. Take a look -- you got a half a dozen complaints in your jacket.  And if Grissom really documented your performance, there'd probably be a dozen more-- that's not the kind of person I want in my lab.
Sidle, you're on one-week suspension without pay, ... 
... and when you get back, you're apologizing to Catherine.
I haven't received her disciplinary action. What's the holdup?
I thought I was clear.
So I should fire you.
Look, Gil ... I've been there. We're human. We get attached to people, we try to fix their problems. It doesn't work.
I'm sure you do. You know what?  She's a loose cannon with a gun. And she's all yours.
What's the 4-1-1?
High profile case -- woke up the supervisors. All hands on deck, Cath. Grissom's lead on this. He's the senior supervisor.
You know if I cross the tape, my name goes on the crime scene log that gets subpoenaed by the defense, and I have to testify.
That's not my primary job anymore. I'm an administrator. I run interference for you guys ... starting with the press.
I'm not ready to confirm the circumstances under which Mr. Eiger died. I will say that this is the number one priority for the mayor and for all of us in law enforcement.
Catherine ... 
Look, it's not that we don't have confidence in you ...
What?
Joe?
I appreciate that.
When Eiger was looking into buying the Queen Regent Casino out from under Sy Magli, the Gaming Commission turned him down. So he invited some of the commissioners over to his mansion for a party. A week later, he had his gaming and his liquor licenses. Must've been a hell of a party.
Well, if those files exist, it gives us a list of suspects, but nobody actually knows if he has dirt on everyone, or just wants them to think he does.
Yeah, anything interesting?
Well, they were known business rivals.
Yes, we do.
I'll have our public information officer contact his counterpart at the station. We'll also call Judge Anderson and get a warrant for the memory card, any copies, and the name of their source.
It's my job.
I paged Grissom.
Five years ago, there was this, uh, day-shift case, homicide.
Vic's clothing and suitcase were missing. Room was immaculate, smelled like disinfectant.
One difference. In the, uh, prior case, body was found in a first floor room. Sliding glass door facing the pool was unlocked.
Yeah. Ran it through CODIS. No hit. I asked Mia to compare it with the semen from the recent attack.
Only print we found. Impressed in Sue's blood on the bedspread near her hips. Underlying pattern on the fabric made it impossible to read.
Just walk me through your interaction with the suspect.
Were you drinking?
Could you define physical?
Catherine, you know what I'm asking, and it's not in the memo.
And you didn't?
All right. So ... when you put on the brakes, Mr. Novak ... got angry.
Guess we'll have to.
Hey, detective.
Have you tried Grissom or Catherine?
Oh, that's right. Grissom's in court. 
Did you check ... ?
I'm the Assistant Lab Director.
Yes, I am.  I'll dust off my kit.
Had to refill my powders.
Did the coroner step in the blood?
Let's do it.
Congratulations.
Divorced.
I'm sorry, ma'am. We've been very busy. 
I'm going to need your shoes. We'll get them back to you. Even wash off the blood.
Where have you been?
A time-out?
I'm allergic. So tell me about James Billmeyer. Guy found at the Tangiers.
So where is he?
Maybe he's taking a time-out.
Maybe David probably moved him. 
A few years back, a body was prematurely sent to a mortician. Remember that?
Maybe someone in your department mislabeled the corpse?
Fine. When you find him, get back to me.
We have a situation.
No, no. Mr. Billmeyer didn't disappear. He's missing. There's a difference.
You prepped him for autopsy, right?
Walk me through that.
Everything you did to Mr. Billmeyer.
I was just thinking, David. I've lost my keys, sunglasses, even a wallet.
But I've never lost a body.
Find him, Phillips, or this goes on your record.
Get out! 
Get out. Out!
He died.
So you gave him your number ... to meet up later?
Good for you.
I hope this is a fire drill.
Looks more like he found us.
Doc, I want you to process the body ASAP.
I thought you were in court.
Very funny.
I think I remember how to do my job, Gil, thank you.
Whoever stole him probably sprayed his body with disinfectant to cover up the stench. You got cause of death?
So his heart stopped, he keeled over, hit his head on the pavement.
Do you think he was aware of his condition?
Anything else?
So somebody poured it down his throat?
Three. Two were yours, one was David's. See you later.
Anything?
Well, thank you. Why don't you quit blowing smoke and tell me about the cigar?
What do you got for me, Neil?
Good work, Neil. Good work.
The woman he met on the plane said he was heading to party in Seven Hills. I'll start there and then I'll head to Henderson. Okay?
You mind if we come in?
You, uh ... smoke Perdomo Reserve?
Do you know a Preston Hayburn? Paramedic from Henderson.
And then what? You decided to throw him a dead man's party?
If it means that much to you, pay your own way. Show a little dedication to your discipline.
One word: Plastic.
Over my dead body. Have you been to Grissom's office? You think the City of Las Vegas pays for his etymology library, his insect collection, his shrunken head collection? No. Take initiative. People notice.
Gil, Catherine. I want you to know, as far as I'm concerned, lab's only got one case tonight. Same for the rest of the department.
Everybody, I have some bad news. Uh, a little while ago, I spoke with the mayor directly. The City of Las Vegas is not going to finance a ransom. It's-it's against department policy to negotiate with terrorists. No exceptions.
Sir. 
I wish I could. Listen, I've been looking over my budget. There are a number of things we can do within the lab itself to raise the ransom.
We wouldn't have to. I'm proposing we eliminate all overtime on lab work except for priority cases, stop hiring based on attrition, reassign existing personnel based on peak staffing needs. Over the next fiscal year, that should clear at least a million.
I'll take the heat.
If it means that much to you, pay your own way. Show a little dedication to your discipline.
One word: Plastic.
Over my dead body. Have you been to Grissom's office? You think the City of Las Vegas pays for his etymology library, his insect collection, his shrunken head collection? No. Take initiative. People notice.
Gil, Catherine. I want you to know, as far as I'm concerned, lab's only got one case tonight. Same for the rest of the department.
Everybody, I have some bad news. Uh, a little while ago, I spoke with the mayor directly. The City of Las Vegas is not going to finance a ransom. It's-it's against department policy to negotiate with terrorists. No exceptions.
Sir. 
I wish I could. Listen, I've been looking over my budget. There are a number of things we can do within the lab itself to raise the ransom.
We wouldn't have to. I'm proposing we eliminate all overtime on lab work except for priority cases, stop hiring based on attrition, reassign existing personnel based on peak staffing needs. Over the next fiscal year, that should clear at least a million.
I'll take the heat.
Least you got your money's worth out of the rental. I just wanted to let you know, no hard feelings about you leaving the banquet. You're just ... doing your job.
Well, Sofia's a logical choice, but nothing's official yet.
I'll, uh, I'll give it some thought. 
Oh, you know ... I'd love to get a copy of your speech. Just a little souvenir for my scrapbook.
That'd be great.
Heard we have a problem.
You missed a fingerprint on a key piece of evidence.
Then how do you explain it?
Could someone have substituted a different matchbook?
Since your original testimony differs from the actual physical evidence, I thought I'd inform you I've opened a supervisory inquiry.
What the hell happened?
Whose, uh, whose case you working?
All right. Make sure you file a report.
Just keep me posted.
She's going to demand a full update, Gil.
You're making the lab look bad.
Warrick, just the guy I wanted to see.
Ah, it won't take long. My office.
Uh ... I'll cut to the chase. Did Supervisor Grissom instruct you to analyze the hairs you found near Max Larson's body?
Did you?
Five years ago.
Have a seat. 
In my capacity as Assistant Director, I'm now privy to personnel files. Um ... you've done outstanding work over the years, Warrick. Truly. I see commendations from detectives and D.A.'s ... I also see you have a gambling problem.
Well, it appears Supervisor Grissom counseled you appropriately.
He gave you access to departmental resources to help you deal with the problem?
Good. You've been a big help. Thanks.
Excuse me.  Sara. You got a minute?
Flitz's compound. I'm sure you're not polishing your jewelry in the lab. That would be unauthorized.
Ah. As you know, it's my job to review everyone's file. I just want to make sure you finished up with your PEAP Counselor.
Well, not only is it my business, but I plan to speak with your supervisor.
You have updated him, right?
Huh. Grissom failed to note that conversation in your file. Um ... but I'll take care of it. All right.
This conversation is on the record. Part of the official inquiry into the Max Larson case.
Five years ago, were you part of a team that processed a homicide at 2028 Boulevard Highway?
Specifically what tasks did Supervisor Grissom assign to you?
In the analysis phase, did Grissom review your reports with you?
It's policy.
Catherine, there a number of talented CSIs, like yourself, who have put in to be supervisors. I just want to make sure the right people are in the right place.
Right. You're a single mother. Better hours. And I bet you could use the extra cash.
Must be nice to be independently wealthy.
Yeah.
We'll convene in my office at end of your shift.
Don't be late.
Hell of a job on the Larson case, Nick. If it weren't for you, the son would've walked.
Team effort? Just like the Westanson case, right? Last year, that woman who burned to ashes in a barrel of diesel fuel.
I reviewed Grissom's report. It seems to me that you were a ... one-man CSI machine.  Grissom rejected Fay Minden's testimony, but not you.
Did he offer you any other CSIs as support staff?  Anyway, good work.
If I understand you correctly, the latent fingerprint on the matchbook ... continued to process itself after you were finished.
As I know you are aware, I've asked Sofia to review your handling of the Max Larson homicide.  Did Supervisor Grissom violate any procedures in mishandling the evidence?
Are you saying that, uh, his handling of the discovery of new evidence while on the stand is within our protocols?
In the, uh ... in the process of investigating this case, your ability to supervise has come into question.
Thank you for your input.
Well, taken individually, there's nothing specific that warrants disciplinary action. However, my investigation has led me to question the effectiveness of your team and your ability to lead it. I'm breaking you guys up.
I've already spoken with the Director. Staff assignments are under my purview. Effective immediately, Catherine Willows will be promoted to Swing Shift Supervisor ...
I do what's best for the lab. I've decided to move the Swing Shift Supervisor to days ... 
Warrick Brown and Nick Stokes will report to Catherine. Greg Sanders, pending his proficiency, Sara Sidle and Sofia will report to you.
I think you and Grissom suit each other.
There's been a chronic lack of supervision on the graveyard shift. Your people have been covering for you, Gil. For your shortcomings. Before your mismanagement jeopardizes this lab, I'm rectifying the situation.
My decision is final.
Catherine.  Excuse me.
I just got a call from the DA about you. Martin Sidley's attorney filed a motion to suppress.
Fortunately, the judge agreed with you.
But ... we have been warned: Future searches of the residence are limited to areas specifically pertaining to the case at hand. And I think it's best if neither you nor Warrick went back to the house.
Okay, guys, good luck.
Good news is Judge Crawford denied the defense's motion to dismiss.
Yeah, and all the jury's going to remember is a little girl in a bloody shirt confessing to murder. That's reasonable doubt on a silver platter.
Exactly.
Judge gave the DA a 72-hour continuance.
Best he could do, Nick. Now you go do your best.
Another trial? You sure you want to go through all this again?
Yeah. So much for conspiracy. We're right back where we started.
I agree. The girl's just trying to protect him.
Two out of three.
DA's planning to file charges against Ray Lester -- tomorrow, after an ADA stops by the crime lab for a full briefing.
Tell me about the first wife.
The DA figures he'll make a headline while you find corroborating evidence. You think he's guilty, right?
When the case is high profile and the DA is feeling heat from the sheriff. Look, you'll just walk him through the evidence. You won't bias your reports or skip anything ambiguous. It is what it is. If the DA wants to shoot his wad too early, we can't stop him.
Let's just run the case.
I thought the husband told Nick it was a marathon call.
Did anybody process that office phone?
He's on his way.
And additional set of prints from the Caprice came back to Jose Fausto, the guy shot at the motel.
We don't have the Buick, so there's no evidence to confirm that.
Because that's what the eyewitnesses are saying.
Uh, Ricardo Estevez, male Hispanic, 22, shot in the alley east of Third.
Three entrance wounds to the front torso, none to the back.
Ballistics matched the bullets to Sergeant Carroll's gun. Recovered a .45 auto next to the body.
There's no evidence to place the gun in the suspect's hand at that point.
Salvador Rosario, 19, also shot in the front.
Autopsy's pending. Chemical tests show that he held a gun. You're not going to believe this. A bullet from Officer Davis' gun hit the suspect's revolver, jamming the cylinder.
An eyewitness seeing that certainly could misinterpret it as planting a gun.
See, this is the problem that the community has with us. You don't speak Spanish, so you think they don't speak English and then when you run your mouth ...
Oh, she's pregnant, all right. Doesn't look like she wants to go with him.
Worse than the dentist. Better than the proctologist.
What's he doing?
Means the car was waiting for them.
So is there anything I can tell the undersheriff?
You tell him.
So the dogs hit on the boxes?
Maybe we should release it to the media. Someone might have unwittingly made a component of the miniature. If they came forward, that could help us.
Izzy Delancy is famous; the press wants answers.
Sara, this is your case, too -- what do you think?
Of course you do.
Have a seat.
How's the arm?
Gil, Conrad again. Um ... message number three. Call me back please.
It's feeling better?
Good.
So, you must know where he is.
Really?
Okay ... um ... Look, I don't want to play any games here. This is as difficult for me as it is for you.
So let's just ... uh ... get this over with, shall we? 
Okay then ... uh ... this is an administrative inquiry. You and your supervisor were in direct violation of lab policy ...
Are in direct violation of lab policy, which states that members of the same forensic team may not engage in a romantic relationship. So when did you and Supervisor Grissom begin your relationship?
I mean, when did you become intimate?
You've been dodging me; it's time to talk. 
Gil, nobody wants to hear about your love life less than I do, but since you didn't handle this right, I have to take a formal statement. 
Should've been a conversation between friends. I mean, we could've found some way around this. Catherine could have done Sara's evaluations. Why didn't you just tell me?
Don't most women like the world to know they're dating someone?
Okay, so, when did you two, you know?
You know what? You two need to get your stories straight.
What's going on here?
I thought that was an urban myth.
Yeah, the combined speed of impact would be 120 miles an hour. Which is about ...
It's expensive Jell-O.
Well, it worked. See if we can't reuse some of that.
