Gut check, one, two! Gut check! Ladies and gentlemen! Time for the bib sheets.
Today's match will include some of the most famous gurgitators in the sport. Let's start with one of the finest: The godfather of the sport has a mouth so big he speaks in surround sound, ladies and gentlemen. Three-time lasagna-eating champion, Antonio Colletti. 
Patty cake, patty cake, baker's man, she can eat a cake faster than anyone can. Current cupcake champion and the most elegant eater in the sport, Patty Cake Newton.
Our most vocal gurgitator ...
... He's said to have two stomachs! Undisputed popcorn shrimp champion, James Spare Tank Patterson.
And finally, known for his jaw strength, trains with his pit bulls, three-time rib champion -- today he will be wearing the EXEF Hot dog camera -- Marty Mayron, the meat machine!
All right, gurgitators, you have twelve minutes to eat your way into history.
They're diving straight in there. Marty Mayron going with the Japanese, dipping his bun in lemonade to make it go down easier and then biting that hot dog into little pieces. Not to be outdone, Miomoto going for the double Japanese. Colletti, the old pro, double-fisting it, double-dunking it. That is a Heimlich waiting to happen.
... Is not fooling around -- He's doing a reverse Japanese: Bun first, hot dog afterwards. Sort of a dachshund chaser. Still pushing it, going old school, like a little kid trying to impress his grandmother at Thanksgiving dinner. Patty Cake going mostly cakey on that one. You can almost see the icing on that hot dog. Colletti having a bit of a problem. Something's slowing him down.
Whoa! Antonio Colletti, a reversal of fortune. That's an immediate disqualification, and, of course, disgusting for all of us to watch. 
That's Jerry. By far, one of the best walk-on gurgitators I've ever seen.
I'm the U.S. rep for the EXEF.
It's the Extreme Eating Federation. We're one of the most popular leagues in the sport.
Since the early days of man. You got thirty Neanderthals in a cave and a rabbit walks in, you have a competitive eating situation, my friend. We have rules, records, prize money. Some of our top competitors earn up to a half a million dollars a year. We're on cable.
Everything. Jerry had undeniable gastro-intestinal fortitude. He took third in yesterday's competition. That qualifies him for the finals in Atlantic City. It made the Las Vegas Post.
Sports section.
Jerry Gable is pounding those dogs.
Third place goes to walk-on An Amazing Job Jerry Gable!
Sure.
I'm telling you, with proper training, Jerry could've proudly represented the U.S. and taken back the golden weenie from the Japanese champion.
Paid him, gave him my card, left him to celebrate.
