Your young woman from the mountains.
I gave her prints to homicide for ID. There's the blanket she was wrapped in. Whoever she is, last day on earth was not pleasant. .38 caliber gun, flush to the scalp.
Shot clean through, right to left. Bullet out the other side.
I took these.
Typical for battered women.
The old fracture lines indicate this woman was in a long-term abusive relationship.
The elements really got to her. Grissom and his insects are going to have to figure that one out. 
Have we lost you, Grissom?
A very special insect, Dr. Seuss?
But you found her in the mountains.
Routine cleaning. We had to do it sometime.
It was under a gallon of blood. But the blue's embedded; it won't wash away.
25-year-old female caucasian. Liver temp's indicating time of death at 0600. Petichial hemorrhaging, cyanotic tongue. Can I help you, Catherine?
Unless I'm mistaken, this is Ecklie's case.
Struggled and strangled.
I only deal with bodies.
Not yet.
Catherine, I like Nick, too. I know you're here for him. But what if I lift his prints from her?
No family to speak of.
There's no one. City will be footing the bill.
Sure that's prudent, given the circumstances?
Our male dancer.
That's right. And one of those blows did enough damage to cause cranial bleeding. Any of your ladies mention having s*x with this victim?
I think the dance might have been a bit more intimate. Penile swab's back from the lab.
Vaginal cells.
That's because the cells are fresh. Darren had s*x just before he died.
Someone's lying.
Don't tell anybody. My weakness.
One macchiato, tall.
When the coroner asks for something, they don't question it.
Cheers. Come on.
Working on it. She's had a few upgrades. Submalar augmentation. Rhinoplasty. Silicone breasts.
Our field's come a long way, hasn't it?
Got a whole menu here. Petechiael hemorrhaging, bruising around the neck ...
... broken hyoid bone.
No water in the lungs. She was dead before she hit the water.
Preaching to the converted.
This is our little secret.
Hey. Photos of your showgirl. 
What did I miss?
Back to front, both times.
Look at my notes.
Right here. Entry wounds piercing the back, both small, regular with evidence of carbonaceous material typical of having just emerged from a gun ...  
...And they exited out the front with a classic keyhole effect-- irregular. First bullet entered Hastings'
... lattissimus dorsi passed through the lower intestine exited out the intercostal muscle. 
The second bullet passed through Hastings' C-7
Anatomically speaking, it's open-and-shut. You guys are the ones to put perspective on it.
Mm-hmm.
This is an easy one. The guy from the pottery store has got three hits to the head. Trauma to the brain stem was fatal. Death was instantaneous.
Nothing definite. But I swabbed the points of impact. Slide's under the microscope.
Unidentified mineral. I sent a sample to trace for analysis.
Guy's still dirty. They don't get a bath till evidence is collected.
Kevin Shepherd. Six stab wounds to the upper torso -- one to the back, five to the front.
Amy Shepherd. One slice across the neck, right to left.
Well, the blade transected the jugular vein and both carotids.
This guy put up one hell of a fight. Attacked with two weapons.
Two types of stab wounds. First a long, sharp double-edged blade. The blade went in smooth ...
... left a little collateral bruising to the skin. Weapon number two was blunt. 
Weapon number two caused extensive bruising around the points of entry.
When we brought the body into the lab she set off the metal detector.
: Nothing in the pockets.
I had the same thought, but that's not what we've found. David, take her down.
Cause of death, laceration of the liver.
I was just getting to that.
Printed your hit-and-run. AFIS found a match -- Brian Clemonds, 22, born in Vegas, and he's deaf.
Actually, yes -- he was printed as part of a state aid program in '81. To confirm, I examined his ear canal.
Normally, the malleus is shaped like a hammer -- a long, smooth handle connecting to a blunt head -- but Brian's malleus is knotted, both of them-- birth defect.
Maybe, maybe not. 
See the dried blood on his knuckles? No associated wounding. Blood's probably not his.
When you find the suspect you'll nail him with his own body fluid.
Not yet.
It's been a hell of a night. First the deaf kid, now a hit. It's going to take a while to process all the bodies.
I always start with the celebrities. Frankie Flynn, 38 gunshot wounds to the head and the abdomen.
Only one -- out of the head -- nine-millimeter .357. I deal with the pin cushions. Ballistics deals with the pins. Shooter could have saved himself a lot of trouble if he'd waited a month or two.
Invasive colon cancer. On his way out.
Hmmm.
Wonder if she even knew she was pregnant.
Back for more?
Mortuary is going to pick her up later this afternoon.
At six weeks?
We're not.
You ever owned a kitten? When you play with them, they don't just bite-- they scratch. Doesn't matter whether they're tabbies or tigers.
And there's no signs of claw wounds on the victim.
Forget whiskers. Think spot. Teeth marks look canine.
Bit him right through the jugular.
I'll make a mold of the bite. If we're lucky we can narrow it down to breed.
You weren't wrong about the scalpel. Whoever removed this guy's organs knew how to handle one.
No question about it -- the cause of death is drowning.
Three feet, give or take an inch.
I checked, believe me. She didn't. The only injury I could find on this little girl was a fractured forearm.
X rays just came back. Let's see. 
Spiral. That's not from a fall.
Swelling takes at least two to four minutes of active circulation. There's no swelling, so it had to happen moments before she died.
Technically, it's somewhere between accidental and undetermined.
uh, voice sound familiar?
Yep. A songwriter in his off-time. What do you think?
Hmm.
Well, police I.D.'d him at the scene when they ran his plates compared the DMV head shot to the head. Grissom, Catherine, meet Victor Dasilva.
Hard to tell without making a mold.
Looks like it.
If you want to know what exact tools were used we're going to need to boil the head.
Sure. What, uh, additive do you put in your boil?
Excellent.
It's like nothing I've seen before -- honestly, Gil -- in all my years. 
Torso. Look at the width of the ribcage -- it's enormous -
Correct. I measured the tibia and fibula around the ankle area then the radius and the ulna at the wrists -- the bones are 10-15% larger than the standard homo sapiens. Left fracture of the ischial prominence of the pelvis. Fracture of the pubis synphisus. Fracture of the lumbar spine vertebrae ...
No, the trauma's similar to some of the leapers I get in here: Out of state, out of cash and out the window.
This was not a hotel. What you see here is the flattening and expansion of the body that could only be caused by the impact of a very steep fall. If I know anything, I know two unequivocal truths: Dasilva's head does not belong to this body. And the reason I know that is because the torso is not human.
I don't know. You're going to need an anthropologist.
Dr. Miller, this is outside my purview as a coroner. 
The body from the storage shed -- it's Victor DaSilva, all right. We ran his prints.
I was wrong about the cause of death.
No. He was shot point-blank in the heart.
.380. Imagine the human heart as an apple.
Instant liquefaction.
Nothing you don't know. Trauma to the head with a blunt object. Overwhelmed her. 
He got a mixture of sodium amytal in her.
Allowed him to control her for up to six hours. Torture her. Look at the bruises. 
Purple means she was alive for all of it.
Same as the others: Indeterminate object caused severe internal lacerations. 
I did find a small trace of something creviced in the uterine wall. Looks like an everyday polymer to me.
Something we didn't find with the other two women. 
Fibers. One in the back of her throat. 
One stuck between her lower molars.
Hmmm.
Well, it would explain why no one hears the victim's screams.
Kind of a forensic smoking gun.
I posted the lady from the hotel, and I have to say it's the same menu as the last three-- chemical restraint, overligature, death by strangulation.
No, this one's different.
Cross-hatched leather, with tiny air holes for breathing.
I was thinking driving gloves, or weightlifting gloves, or ... 
Uh-huh, but did you see the hairline fracture on the posterior skull?
Easy to miss, but it screams blunt-force trauma. Also, the middle ear has three bones. They're dusted with sodium and lodged against the malleus. I found a tiny ball of earwax with grains of sand.
Not ruling it out.
Right after the autopsies. Sealed them myself. Why?
Well, I gave them to Ecklie. He said he'd deliver them to you. 
He was down here on another case.
