Meet Joan Sims from San Bernardino, California. We've been getting acquainted.
Cause of death was strangulation. I found ligature marks on the wrists and the ankles. That was the easy part. This one's weird. Like I-may-use-her-in-a-lecture weird.  Her decomp is completely backwards. It's supposed to begin on the inside but her organs are in better shape than her skin. Take a look at this.
I took tissue samples from her heart.
More like kryptonite. Those are actually ice crystals, Superman. You want to know why she's blue? Cold to the touch in the middle of the desert? This lady was frozen -- kept on ice until approximately 12 hours ago.
He's all rigored up. Now pull it like a slot machine. It's been three weeks since my last jumper. At least this one died a millionaire.
Glass, maybe. We found tiny shards in the incised wound. 
Take a look.
Hey. I thought you might like to see this.
I found it after I shaved his head. Something hard with a diamond insignia on the back. You find that, I bet you find your killer.
First and fatal. Crushed his skull. So he was killed, then he was pushed.
Without a doubt.
This is your hit-and-run victim. Bad thing about this job is you stop asking yourself 'why'. Here's the bruise I was telling you about. 
You see it?
From the license plate when it impacted her skin.
Yep.
Large propeller. Blade cut clean through. No epidermal bruising. The leg was severed post-mortem.
How do you figure?
Female caucasian, mid-30s. Left thighbone connected to nothing. I believe this is our victim.
Always do.
Her skin's shriveled like a shar-pei. No pressure, no prints.
Hey. Results are back on the rape kit. Positive for semen, vaginal penetration.
Well, there are signs of a struggle. The victim's right shoulder is dislocated. Her skull is fractured.  Give me a little more time with the body.
I'll start at the top. Head contusion, right temple. Imbedded with wood splinters, lime green paint.
Nothing yet, but when you find the murder weapon it might give you something to compare it against. Moving down, three words. Write them down. Minimal pulmonary aspiration.
All I'm saying is, if she died by drowning her lungs would be flooded.
But her lungs weren't flooded.
After a very nice dinner. Which brings me to her stomach. 
Fried calamari and based on the extent of the digestion she died about three hours after she ate.
Not necessarily. It could be the result of his face impacting the ground at expiration.
Go ahead. Grissom, I have something to show you. 
You know, when a kid this young drops dead smart money chases anesthetics, alcohol methanol, maybe even a little freon. 
I got to be honest. I've had a lot of dead bodies from the desert and when they're out there too long the elements tend to eat away the evidence. My opinion is ...  ... you are looking at the picture of health, internally. Externally, it's another matter.
Skin sample.
Skin's not consistent with elemental damage. 
I had to ask.
Well, if that's true ...
... then we might be able to catch up with some of those seeds because they have a way of hanging around the lower intestinal tract. 
And the last ones to leave the party ... would be ... right about ... here. 
Jimson reduced his gastric motility which kept this in his system.
Hey.
Do you feel like sharing?
Just a little?
Gruesome Grissom ... Tin Man with a heart ...  ... who knew?
Digital readout. Bigger numbers.  98.1.
Well, he's been dead for two hours.
Let's see what else we got.
Petecchial hemorrhaging behind the eyes ... suggesting suffocation of some sort. Horseshoe-shaped contusion on the left side of the neck.
Oh, I'll buy that -- for now. Multiple contusions front and back. Broken hand.
I know what set this guy off.
We know our victim suffered from intercranial bleeding. I had that pegged as possible cause of death so I crack his skull open, and what do I find? A cantaloupe in a soup can.
And not from one or two blows to the head. He was also running a high fever so I tested his spinal fluid. A normal protein level is between 15 and 45 milligrams. Candlewell's was 60. Did anybody mention this guy had a headache?
He was suffering from undiagnosed encephalitis.
It can manifest like a heart attack: Slurred speech delirium, loss of consciousness. You throw in the altitude and the air pressure changes in the cabin and our guy was probably out of his mind.
It wasn't the one thing that killed him. Ruptured spleen, intercranial bleeding petecchial hemorrhaging. And the guy's heart just stopped beating.
