Look, this is ridiculous. I mean, we're talking about trace evidence on a doormat? Come on. Besides, I read the file. A guy named Brent Moyer already admitted to breaking the window.
Dan ...
I'm sorry, but we're not here to talk about Caroline, all right? So unless you're on some kind of cold-case fishing expedition ...
Don't answer that. Ms. Willows, let's get something straight. You found a body in the chimney, so you searched his house for clues, but you had no legal right to look for any evidence unrelated to this case.
As soon as this is over, I intend to file an emergency motion to limit the scope or your warrant. I also intend to file a motion in limine to exclude this evidence, which was illegally seized, in violation of my client's fourth amendment rights. 
Martin ...
Well, if you don't have any questions pertaining to the dead body in his chimney, we're done here.
Ms. Willows, on the phone you said that you had new information regarding my client's son?
Wait a minute. You searched the house again? Ms. Willows, I thought that the judge was perfectly clear.
Ms. Willows, you are way over the line.
Martin ... 
The day I got married, I got rid of my gun. The wife didn't want it in the house.
No, I gave it to my paralegal. I'm an attorney. Look, it's just a handgun, so I wasn't required to register the transfer.
Rita Day. She left the firm years ago. She's a paramedic now at emergency care ambulance.
I get a card every Christmas.
Look, just, just so you know, she only got that gun for her own protection. Whatever you're investigating, Rita didn't do it.
You're right. My client is guilty of partying in Las Vegas. But with this de minimus amount, you wouldn't be able to hold him for possession.
Those jeans? Come on. You'd probably find that same pattern on at least a couple thousand asses in this town. There's nothing here that places my client in that limo at the time of the shooting.
Look, scared kid makes a couple of mistakes. It's peer pressure, all right? It's a misdemeanor, at best. You want to put LVPD through PR hell for that?
Aaron, don't say ...
Aaron, unless you want to go to jail, son, don't say another word.
