I lied to you back then, and I live with the guilt every day.
I don't want an attorney. I admit I withheld information. That's why I'm here. And if I have to go to jail, so be it. I just want to do right by my sister.
Rita didn't disappear. Her business trip to Fresno got cut short, and she came home early.
And she found Aaron, her husband, in the barn with another woman.
Rita freaked out and started screaming and saying she was going to leave him. Aaron saw red and lost it.
Yeah. He was camping in red rock with Harris Mathey.
Yeah, but Harris owed Aaron a lot of money. He would have said anything.
He died last month. And he's the only one who knew, besides me.
He drove her out to the river, about a half mile from his farm, and, um, set her on fire. She burned all night, and then in the morning, he dumped her ashes in the water.
Haven't been back here since that night. Sometimes it feels like yesterday; sometimes it feels like it never happened. Funny, the things you remember.
Who could've imagined?
This is it. This is the spot under the tree.
Yes. This is where Aaron burned her body. 
I remember the ... yucca plant was flowering.
Yes.
What are you doing? 
Good.
No, it's not like that. You don't understand.
Because I knew it would come to this. I was dumped by Aaron for my younger sister. I was hurt and angry and jealous, and I wanted to get back at him, so I falsely accused him of killing Rita. I am not jealous of Terry. I'm scared for her. I don't want her to end up like Rita.
It ended. After the night he killed Rita, I saw him handful of times. I want nothing to do with him.
Because she's in love with him. If I told her what Aaron did to Rita, she'd run right to him. Crazy Faye always causing trouble. Aaron would like nothing more than to drive a wedge between me and my sister. I've seen what he's capable of.
That night he made me help him. 
Her eyes were still opened.
Yeah.
No, not that night. It was a wet winter. 
Say you believe me.
Okay, good. Thank you.
Hey.
Heard you were over at Aaron's farm.
I bet that shook him up. Thank you for pushing forward with the investigation.
My pump?
Well, what'd he say? Didn't I tell you he'd turn on me?
My trees are Douglas Firs. The ... the needles grow in spirals around the twigs. It's amazing. Any time you guys want, you come back here, take your pick. Free of charge.
You know what? Thinking back now, I-I remember Aaron's pump was empty, and, uh, he insisted we drive over here. He used mine. Sorry for the confusion.
Please say you believe me.
