Oh, don't touch it. That's my pot!
Yeah, you know, from my own private stash.  Blue Hawaiian -- $40 a pound. Only grown a couple times a year on the Big Island hand-picked to perfection.
Oh, is that alcohol on a bug bite? That's like butter on burns, man. Wives' tale.
It worked, didn't it?
Well, with all due respect, sir, it's not a baked potato. It's Braun's blood and with all the impurities in his system it might take a little extra time.
Did I ever tell you I used to live in New York?
Excuse me. You know, heroin has a nine-minute half-life. After that, it metabolizes into morphine.
A hundred fifty-eight  micrograms per liter. Again, not lethal. There's addicts walking around times square with more drugs in their system.
Oh, I was just going to tell you about another way to take heroin -- a suppository up the coolee. You just stand on your head, and then you let gravity ... 
... forget it.
There. Well, maybe not. The earring back -- not Janine's. But it was in the ear of a female.
What about black flag?
Process. Just because you got passed over, don't take it out on me.
Really? What would you call it, then?
Ah. 
Coal.
Wood.
And ... coconut shells.
Well, I think I hear some coffee perking.
First, I have the saliva sample taken from captain Brass's badge. Better known as Ellie's DNA. Take a good look at her markers. Second, blood sample from Jim Brass.
From parent to child seven of thirteen markers should match up minimum. In this case there's not a single marker in common. I don't have Ellie's mother's DNA on file but my guess is ... 
Not Brass's, not Ellie's. 
No, or her boyfriend Keith Driscoll. You still got a shooter out there.
Well, because I deal in DNA. The smallest sliver of epidermal tissue.
Scalp skin. Itchy. Can be embarrassing in social situations especially if one is wearing a dark shirt.
Good chance whoever moved the guy into the elevator ...
Hey, Catherine? Do you think Sara would ever go out with me?
So I was thinking. Maybe we could take our break at the same time.
Really.
Well, without the DNA sample from the hotel guy this test is pretty useless.
Well, just like the bra, I'm going to need a reference of her DNA in order to do anything, and that's not going to happen until ...
What?
Stripes.
Sara! I was just looking for you. Still up for break?
Uh ... inside-outside we're still looking for a reference for comparison but the epidermals are looking promising.
Sara and I were just going out for dinner.
Oh. Right.
That's the sample Catherine pulled off of the secretary's blouse and the hotel man's clothes -- same source.
Hey. I was just printing something out for you ... on your hot case.
Yeah, I ... I was... on break, had some time ... thought ... hey ...
Sorry, I drew a blank on the wife.
If you're here about the blood on Joan Marks' shoe, I already told Sara. I'm backed up.
Oh. Well, on that, I got an ID. 
Nope, but I ran a DNA profile on both victims. What do all sisters have in common? DNA.
So, did I solve the case?
So you got this water from a radiator?
Well, it ain't no Rocky Mountain Spring.
Nasty sodium count. Potassium, phosphorus.
You've got that look. What did I say right?
Well, that's impossible. The amelogenin on the follicle came back xx-- female.
That would work.
Is this the car the guy was killed in?
Now you know how I feel, like ten times a day. So what's this Millander guy's thing?
Hmm ... Pep boys receipt? Dry cleaning tags?
So what kind of paper item would you she into the center console in the heat of summer? 
When you say jump I say how high? I found testosterone in female hair. Post pubescent female hair.
Well, this is. This testosterone's endogenous.
Injections. Supplements.
Or increase her s*x drive.  You know women do that. I read. None that I've ever met.
No, you were right. The substance is microcil-like but it's really old-school-- alginate. The book says that, uh ... makeup people used it up to the '70s to make molds and impressions. It's green, hence the algin in alginate.
The guy's pretty shrewd. 
Every murder comes back to a dead man.
Got it.
Processing it next, sir.
Okay. The hair you found in Pauline Millander's bedroom two x chromosomes-- female.
Well, Sara had me compare it to the hair found in the tub at the crime scene. They're a perfect match.  DNA identical.
Well ... not exactly. 
The blood's female. Definitely not Logan's.
The blood from the finger was diluted due to the ice. But I made a positive match.
So it was kind of like Getty's ear? They cut it off, sent it to the house?
Did you guys clean the table before putting the curtain on it?
'Cause I think your evidence got contaminated.
Oleic acid. Goes well with jelly.
Kind of feels like blackjack, you know? You guys all fanned around the table, holding your breath waiting to see which card I'll reveal next.
Right. Sorry. So, I have DNA samples from every male that lives with Jody Bradley full-time or weekends. First, I have Mike Kimble, the fiancé. Dead fiancé.
Sorry, Captain.
DNA takes a pair.
Third and last.
Just getting into the mind of a potential killer.
In a minute. First things first -- your contact lens was worn by a near-sighted person. And since I was born with perfect eyesight I'm experimenting with what it would feel like to be near-sighted.
Give me some credit. Borrowing a pair of lenses from Archie in A/V. Giving me a headache, though.
The GSMS does not kid around.
Uh, your sample's 91.
What's wrong with it?
It's clean. Television, couch. What else does a guy need?
Any blood?
I was captain of the high school chess squad.
Then why is there a World Chess Champion?
Well, s*x is physical. Is that a sport?
You know, I had a roommate in college freshman year, from Edmonton, went on to play for the Swedish Elite league. Anyways, he set his blade at half an inch, tops. And I should know, because he made me get them sharpened.
Well, that's as sharp as it gets. 
It's a tough blade to skate on. We're talking Wayne Gretzky style 
She's a liar, and a mother.
Yep.
Well, first I tested for the presence of shellfish -- crustacean free. And then I figured if she's hiding that what else is she hiding?
There was blood in the sample. Not uncommon in early pregnancy. Women get mucosal tears in their esophagus because they yak so much. So, I tested the blood for the presence of human choriogonadotropins. She is definitely with child. 
Catherine ... you seen any guys with a broken tooth lately?
Yeah, well, one of them is your suspect.
Oh, that tooth that you found at the bottom of the snow pile ... 
To the nasty-ass toenail that Sara found.
No, it belongs to a live guy.
Gold.
Hey. Got here as soon as I could.
All hands on deck. That was the call, right? Crims on the scene.
Come on. I'm capable.
No.
Oh, I feel bad. I just froze up.
I guess I just wasn't expecting blood to look like that. Pre-collection, so different.
How do you deal?
Anybody check the bus?
Just out of curiosity, what are the unobvious spots?
Yeah.
I get the picture.
Sorry.
Hey, boss. I had a feeling you were coming. I ran the DNA on that whiskey bottle. You'll never guess. It's not the bus driver but I do have an answer behind door number two. Seat number 1C. 
You heard about it, too?
That I ... messed up.
Well, then ... I enjoyed it fine.
I thought I told you I'd page you with the results.
Wrong question.
I took a snip, ran a crossed immuno-electrophoresis.
Didn't pass.
This is Pink. Pink, this is Warrick.
Do you know how hot you are? Ssss!
Yeah?
How mad is he?
Heard you were looking for me?
What's up?
Okay. But, I mean, you are the one who's doing the Forensic Spotlight in the department newsletter.
Cool.
So, uh, what are you fuming?
Did she die of suffocation?
Well, this is one way to get her DNA. Bring me her whole life.
Or overkill.
Okay, well, I, uh, got Paige's DNA from her toothbrush. I compared it to the blood and semen that Sara found on the mattress in her dorm room.
Well, the vaginal contribution to the semen stain is a match to the blood. Whose blood, don't know.
Figured out my code, huh? Well, you know, my boy Freddy discovered DNA.
Well, I ran the samples on COfiler. Then I compared each specimen against the types obtained from the dried semen that you found on the victim's mattress ... 
Medulla, cuticle and cortex are a visual match to the hairs I pulled from Paige Rycoff's brush. The roots have skin tags. 
Before you ask that swab of yours, from the end cap ... let's play name that chemical compound. Today's category: Explosives. 30 seconds on the clock. 
Now, the other component for dynamite is either silica or sawdust. Your sample contains sawdust.
I could have been a rock star.
Uh, well, I like to rub it all over a lady's body. Even better ... I, uh ... like it when she rubs it all over me. And it's also used as a stool softener.
Mineral oil.
Old knives. New ones are made from stainless steel. Yeah, I'm like a sponge. I just absorb information.
Yeah, and I absorbed it.
An A.L.S. For mineral oil?
Aluminum and melamine in the color coat indicate that it's car paint. Factory job. Uh, body shop paint contains styrene, not melamine.
Trick question. Paint won't tell me that. But I do have an answer. It's not technically part of my job description but as you know, I'm always eager to expand my responsibilities. Take a look down the scope.
Crosshairs. That's the plastic you collected at the accident site. Now that mark is only found on the S-Class Mercedes. It's all about branding. Now knowing that the headlight came from a Mercedes, I was able to compare the infrared spectra with the paint spectra supplied by the manufacturer. Check this out.
Your vehicle was painted Sarasota Silver. Also, only available on the S-Series '99 models. I checked with the Mercedes State Rep. Five were sold in Nevada. Sara's tracking down the owners.
Yeah, an hour ago. And she was way more fascinated than you are.
Well, you were at dinner.
Hey.
So I heard about your cold maggot.
I was thinking -- most people figure Las Vegas means the strip. But it really means the meadows.
Well, my point is Nevada is a Basin-and-Range State. Down in the desert basin, hardly any rain. But up in the mountain ranges, it's 40 inches a year. That's more than Seattle ... more than San Francisco. More than ...
The Mountain Shadow Effect. 
That's what meteorologists call it.
Just remind yourself that usually I bring the case home.
If that garage floor stain started out as blood the bleach just degraded it. There's nothing for me to work with. Sorry.
So is this his rental car?
So we should be able to find some of the vic's blood or hair or fibers from his clothes?
Grissom ... I, uh, ran the DNA on the epithelials from the homeless lady's ring. 
It's like prince and the pauper. No. Princess and the pauper. The Princess is a dead supermodel.
Little college cuisine.
Hasn't killed me yet.
You mean Ashleigh's fingernail scrapings?
Yeah.
Got a match.
No. To the vic.
Yeah. The DNA under her fingernails was her own. Excuse me.
Cheese. Milk. Sweaters. What do these things have in common?
Ding, ding, ding. Fibers from the lady shrink, fibers from the boy. Both are angora.
Mm-hmm.
I think I smell something burning in the DNA lab. Love to stay and chat, but ...
I wouldn't break out that champagne just yet. Don't go shooting the messenger. Thumbprint from the nail.
FYI. Thirty swabs in six hours? Not realistic, all right? Even for me.
Lots and lots of epithelials. There were skin cells shed all over the blanket.
You're two-thirds of the way there. I also isolated a set of cells from another individual. Identity unknown. But when it's important to Nick here, I push further. Seven of the 13 markers matched your dead kid.
Yeah, your case just entered a whole new dimension of weird.
You smell like death.
You know ... a real man wouldn't mind.
DNA results, um ... sixteen samples from the apartment walls and the one we just took from the guy's arm.
Hey, I always double-check your stuff. But all the results are pointing one way.
That is my next run. Just a little backlogged.
Oh, not necessarily. Sample from the nosebleed's lamp. It's not his blood. And I don't know whose blood it is but the amelogenin came back with something pretty interesting: XX.
Mm-hmm.
No. I heard about your case. Sounds interesting.
Bet it's liquid dishwashing soap.
Well, you know I used to do a little diving myself actually. Belize, Maui, Great Barrier Reef ... Okay, maybe I took that one a little too far. But the point is, that these rubber suits aren't very easy to put on. Neoprene and skin need a little romance to get together. And a capful of liquid soap works like a charm.
So, you check this safety valve?
And what about the pressure gauge?
It's 3,000 psi; that tank was full.
Yeah?
How?
Bags under the eyes, coffee cups, stress face. Any of this look familiar? I'm working on it.
No. I'm working on your case -- with Nick.
Excuse me.
Silphid beetle -- test for presence of human DNA.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yo, Cat ...
Sorry. Um, I've got a full profile on our -- your torch. I pulled his DNA off of a cigarette butt. Lucky for us, he's a wet-lipped smoker.
Just get me something we can compare it to.
Blood from Jennings's denim shirt.
It means None Detected. The dry cleaning baked in the blood and it also degraded it to a degree that I just can't get a result.
I have tried. It's chemically impossible, Sara. Nothing from nothing is nothing.
You ever see the attack of the killer tomatoes?
No, it's a large, ugly, globular mass. You know, it's probably a protein
Cart before the horse, Nick. First you identify it then you figure out where it came from.
I move it around. Okay, now, this is a 66-kilodalton globular protein, composed of two disulfide-linked sub-units, a and B.
And I know what you all think of me -- I'm just another pretty face who got to where I am by sleeping with Catherine.
But seriously ... Phi Beta Kappa, Stanford. Can I help it if I'm hip?
Full ride. Hey, eyes forward. A and B chains link together to form a large three-dimensional structure of these beta sheets and helices.
Wait!
Correct. But, more specifically, a lectin.
This is nastier than I thought. It's ricin, a biotoxin.
Yeah.  B chain binds to glycoside residues which trigger endocytotic uptake of the protein which internalizes the toxin and begins the irreversible effects ... 
Relax, man. It takes, like, two hours for ricin symptoms to show and, like, 48 more to kill you.
Um ... sweats? Cramps?
Convulsions?
Then you're fine.
And where did you say this woman worked?
Ricinus communis. Castor beans, like castor oil.
Hmm, which makes two people who know that -- you and the guy who wrote the book.
Hey, man, he is autistic.
You think Einstein had people hovering over his shoulders all the time? If he did, do you think that we'd be walking around with e=mc squared t-shirts?
Would you step back? Just give me some breathing room?
Maybe I'll tell you something about the silver sliver that Grissom found on sandbox girl's back.
Let's see what the library has to say.
Tempered steel with aluminum coating.
If she was, she was wearing something pretty funky.
Yeah, in a matter of speaking. Remember that sparkly stuff that Grissom got off her body?
I broke it down -- tree sap, ammonia and water.
Liquid latex.
Really? It's all the craze right now, man. Girls paint it on guys. Guys paint it on girls. You can paint it on yourself if you want if that's what you're into. You can't get a date.
Like I would know.
None of which have been washed.
You know what a switch is?
Oh, he's even got the lingo down.
You're so dialed into this case, I'll bet you don't need me to tell you which mask had her DNA.
You can't get any air through pens.
I found the victim's DNA on this mask and ... these two straws. Red mark: Victim; blue mark :... 
Dude, I rip.
Surfing's just a state of mind. 
Oh, relax, bro. The gc mass spec's working on it. Should be done, um ... 
... now.
Transmission fluid.
So?
Congratulations--you're looking for a Ford with a leak.
Which means it can't get very far.
Grissom ...  I need you, ASAP. Please.
So, ballistics sent me a bullet from the casino. It's a .45 so we know it came from one of the ladies' guns.
No, but there was a foreign substance adhered to it.
Not exactly.
Tomato, to-mah-to, potato...
You bet. Strange, huh?
Real-life fairy dust. 
S-I ... O-2. Silica dust. Each particle's a hundred times smaller than a grain of sand.
What don't you know?
A whiskey sour, huh? Yeah, I'm a thug passion man, myself. It's a Tupack thing. 
So, what does your paramedic like to drink? I bet with a name like Hank, he's probably got some ho's sipping on 'yac.
All right, well, I won't tell Warrick and Nick about Hank on one condition ... you tell me what he's got that I don't got?
Uh, I never got my answer.
So, we meet again. Lita Gibbons wasn't putting this on her nipples, was she?
Old case. Sorry.
Well, uh, you'll get your answer when I get mine.
What do cowboys drink?
And when I chew on a lemon wedge boy, is it ...
And vacuums are great because they ... 
Dr. Edmund Locard would be proud.
Yeah, maybe they're working together.
Well, maybe the lead came from the glasses. Lead crystal.
Don't insult me. Luck is for those without skill.
Hmm, sad but true.  Slot plot on the blood and hair ... came back negative. Not human. They're animal.
You can take that with you if you want.
Epithelials on the slashed canopy match the ones on the sleeping bag drawstring. Fred Dacks, both places. Thank you and good night.
That sounds like both of you. Now please, can you take this somewhere else?
Well, you're not going to find it here.
See ya.
Blade #25: Not human.
Did you know that some doctors believe that oral bacteria have no other benefits than to make it impossible for other more vicious bacteria to take up residence in our mouths?
So, then I should just stop trying to impress you.
Okay. Well, results from the fight bite boy. 
I had to get it from an outside lab since we're not equipped to do bacterial DNA testing ourselves. Hint, hint.
Bacteria on his knuckles matches the natural bacteria in the chef's mouth.
Looks like he took a cheek swab of the chef with his own fist.
Mm-hmm.
I just got the results. Alcohol, acetate and red dye #58.
Mm-hmm.
The blouse from your vic's closet is stained. The substances are biological. High salt content.
Okay, blood from the bedroom chair and the kitchen belong to mom.
Hair from the freezer-- nicely preserved, by the way-- and hairs from the bedroom pillow, also the victim's.
The moral of my story -- share and share alleles. Pubic hairs in the bed, not mom's.
Well, venom's like perfume -- highly specific recipe. Protein ratios vary from species to species, even snake to snake. The protein level of your three hoses doesn't match the sample taken from the vic's coffee cup.
Hey, Stokes?
We got to talk.
Yeah, yeah, it's a common plastic, polyethylterephthalate -- P.E.T.--
Yeah, but that's not what I wanted to talk about.
Look, I thought that we had a relationship. What are you doing taking Archie out into the field, instead of me?
Point taken.
The world may never know.
All work and no play make Greg a dull boy ...
Uh, low volume, no sperm.
Yeah, I knew you'd say that. 
Sorry.
Not anymore. I'm done. And no jokes about me being fast in this department. The ejaculate outside the first girl's window -- spank high. Good news: It does have DNA.
I don't know. Ran it through CODIS, nothing kicked out.
Well, I can tell you this about him: Really low sperm count. Sample hardly had any swimmers.
Hey, that can happen to any guy.
He-ya! About the blood on kung fu lady's clothes.
Eh ... If I had a dime ... anticipating that, I skipped dinner and ran the DNA through CODIS.
Turns out that your apartment hunter, that girly man, left his double helix behind at another crime scene.
They had nothing to compare it to at the time.
Mm-hmm.
No-needle syringe used on the vic at the foam party. I recovered some epithelials from the plunger end, compared them to your reference sample. That girl you have in custody ... 
... it's her DNA. Case closed.
For you.
I'm just trying to learn.
Well, the fiber you tweezed from that sweatshirt - trace pegged it as sisal.
What's under the scope?
Oh, hair. But cuticle's a single layer. Overlapping. 
You think the kidnapper used it as a lure? 
Hey, I hear you're working on Hank's case.
Territorial. You know, guys don't like that.
Well, I have some information that could bring us even closer. 
Well, did she?
So does that thing tell you why?
Well, maybe she had the munchies. Tox screen came back. Mrs. Lambert tested positive for cannabis sativa.
Grass? So '70s, man. Sticky green, the dank, the chronic, the cush, happy stick, wacky-tobaccy ...
Yeah. 
... as a kite.
Well, as you both know ... Watson and Crick are the grand-daddies of DNA. Without their discoveries, I'd have nothing to do all day.
A tox report on your D.B., Ms. Pretty in pink. She died of carbon monoxide poisoning. Blood saturation level of 46.2%. No surprise there. Nicotine levels are high -- she was a smoker. And she popped a couple of sleeping pills that night.
What if I told you that Mr. Arnz had a carbon monoxide blood saturation level of 37% -- nearly 10% lower than his wife.
Nice theory, but what if I told you that Mr. Arnz had high nicotine levels as well.
Well, I don't know if this is going to help, but the sleeping pills are zolpidem. Prescription only. I thought I'd save you some time, talked to Lockwood. She didn't have a prescription, but her husband does.
Any luck?
Mm. Could have saved you the time. DNA beats tool marks every time, you know. I ran your blood samples. Got a match, all three of them.
Well, where did the parts come from?
Hey, boss. Um, I wasn't able to pull any DNA off your Vic's personal effects but I did find something else. Uh, those yellow on his belt ... I ran them through the GCMS.
Yeah. They're sulfur. 
Now, Warrick mentioned something about a missing coin collection. Now some dealers, bad ones-- use sulfur to polish up coins for sale.
Shake and bake.
So I figure that your killer is either a coin dealer or a collector. And he transferred the sulfur to the body when disposing of it.
Oh, my grandpa started me off with a 1909 V.D.B. S Lincoln penny. Often referred to as a V.D.B. Because it bears the monogram of its engraver, Victor D. Brenner. It's a low mintage.
Weird, huh?
I heard that you dealt in coins.
Grissom. 
He's a friend of mine. We work together. Uh, looking to see what you got. I'd like to make a trade.
I've been meaning to get it slabbed.
I'd like to get myself a 1916 d dime. Been all over Vegas, can't find one. You got any?
Hey, so is mine. 
1907 Saint Goddins double eagle gold piece. I've only seen that in books.
I'll take it.
At least.
Ten-inch subs. 400 watts. Four channels? That's state-of-the-art. Those hot, too? It kind of looks like the de Lorean from back to the future.
That's Keith Mercer's blood. You know it and when I get back to the lab, I'm going to prove it.  I think you're busted.
Oh. Blood in the car is the victim's. 
Told you that dude was busted.
Well ... every time I make another DNA match in here, my world gets a little smaller. Out there ... felt large.
I'm not about the money.
Question is not what we're going to find on the murder weapon; question is what isn't on it.  The sticky substance?
Carpet fibers.
You want to race?
Hmm ...
99 bottles of beer on the wall / 99 bottles of beer / you swab one down / run it through CODIS / 98 bottles of beer on the wall. 
You know us lab rats have to do something to get through the day.
Well ... how about. Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes. He ain't heavy ...  ... He's my brother ... 
Five different donors -- two of them are related. Donor number one, Tim McCallum, the victim; donor number two, his relative, most likely a brother. 
No telling if he's heavy or not. 
I got it right here. The forensic sample matches the reference. The blood on Tom's hands was definitely the victim's. Triple-checked the data.
I'm only done processing half the evidence.
And what's a Polanski?
Uh, yeah. I waved; you didn't look up. 
The blood contributions on that die ...
...Tom Haviland and Kim.
Now, I know I haven't been getting out in the field very much, but how does a guy get a girl's blood in his mouth when he's killing her?
So, now you have to find it on the surveillance tape?
Psst, Grissom. : We got a development. I went over those swatches that Sara gave me from the bed sheet.
I don't want that Gerard guy to hear me.
Well, um ... I was testing those swatches that Sara gave me, and three of the swatches came up Kim. The other four, with the spatter amelogenin results are XY.
No. And not his friend Ray's, either.
Ah, I hid all these when I heard Gerard would be snooping around.
All right, who wants it?
Well, according to your blood sample, naratriptamine.
Mm-hmm. Powerful stuff.
30 milligrams-- 12 times the recommended dosage.
To the Max.
They all drank themselves to death.
Naratriptamine -- Innoko water bottle, number three.
Clean.
Got it. Anything that might've mixed in with the poison could help us identify the original source.
Where are you going?
The poison in both bottles is naratriptamine. Same trace impurities in the water-- sulfides, phenols, amino acid complexes and caffeine.
What's the connection?
So, how are we going to get this guy?
One, two, three?
They took it to the airport. They x-rayed bottles in bulk using baggage scanners.
And so the poison I found in the Innoko water was... backwash. Which means that we're going to have to take the caps off of forty thousand bottles.
Naratriptamine comes in tablet form. In order to get it in the solution, you'd have to grind it up.
Maybe it got there during the grinding process.
The coffee you bagged from the club doesn't match the tainted Innoko water. That's the bad news.
You know what I have that you want in the mornings? Apart from my devilish grin and rakish good looks, of course.
No, no. You LOVE my coffee. And you want to know why? It's Blue Hawaiian. 40 bucks a pound, hand-picked ...
No, not even close. Just let me get there. Now caffeine by itself is not distinctive. It's in all kinds of coffee by definition. Now the trace amino acid complex, on the other hand, is a signature.
Kopi luwak. The most expensive coffee in the world. Revered for its rich, chocolatey texture and made from the excrement of a small indonesian cat-like creature known as a luwak.
The luwak eats only the ripest beans, which pass through its digestive system intact. However, during the process enzymes break down a number of amino acids which cause bitterness. 
So whichever one of your suspects drinks kopi luwak is your killer.
Blood on the paper towels was the vic's, Lori Hutchins. Found DNA on another area, however. Epithelials with two donors.
Well, the vic and ... someone else.
I'm trying to transition out of cagey. You got to round up some more swabs. Neither Harpo ... 
Whatev-O. Neither She nor Rhone Confer was a match.
Don't even bother viewing those surveillance tapes. No hospital's dispensed cisapride in three years.
Not exactly. The white substance that you pulled from Romeo's blanket and Juliet's dress ...
Denatured milk proteins and mucoid saliva.  Baby spittle.
Not just any baby -- their baby. I pulled DNA. Two halves make a whole.
Grissom! I'm about to rock your world. The semen inside your victim --
Right over here. Figured it wasn't high priority since I'd already ID'd the semen in the victim.
Killer, victim, location.
Look, I'm pretty tired.
I was working three cases. Mixing solvents.
Plastic. Burning plastic.
I turned around to see where it was coming from.
After that ... I'm sorry.
We done?
What time is it?
How long have you been here?
You figured out what happened in the lab, didn't you?
Yeah.
You know the eyelash Warrick found embedded in the black greasepaint -- I extracted the DNA, ran it. CODIS gave me a, uh, mongolian beef.
There, try these, big guy. Training wheels.
Uh, yeah. The, uh ... blood flecks from the safe deposit box-- two distinct samples. I only got one hit, though. 
Uh, the primary sample belongs to Vivian Verona, a cocktail waitress. She was killed on the top floor of the old pike's gambling hall about two years ago. Here's the report.
I've pulled the crime scene photos for you, too. 
Case still pending. Murder weapon was never found. Now, the secondary blood sample came back N.D. Uh, could be the killer. You always say murder's messy.
No, they're not.
Uh ... they've been shaking ever since ... 
I can't really make it stop.
Well, if I was a bomb expert, maybe. 
No, I ... I think I have it under control. 
Okay.
Normally I don't like to speak ill of the dead but, uh, Mr. Newman's sperm had company. Bad company.
Look at D-7. Three alleles.
Which can only mean one thing -- menage d'allele.
Percentage is too high. We're looking at a minor and a major sample.
The husband.
Nope.
Ibid. Major donor is still unaccounted for.
Driving someone else's porcelain bus?
The coroner left this in your mail slot.
Uh, Caesar salad. 
Oh, and Pele used an interesting dressing. PCP.
Well, it acts like one. But PCP's such a powerful drug it's in a class all its own: Disassociative anesthetic.
Yeah, after it takes you through the paces.
Uh ... twenty. Dude's dose was off the charts. I'm surprised he's still alive. 
Well, it's raw ... and it's definitely skin.
Hey, heard you nailed soccer boy for the murder.
Well, maybe there was someone else with them.
Yeah?
See, now we're getting into this whole strip forensics thing and I'm not so sure I can hang with that even if you are my boss.
Yeah. And you know, my grandfather got tossed from Norway for getting my grandmother pregnant before they got married. To this day, he still tells me som man reder sa ligger man.
One must lie in the bed one has made.
Now, you're sure you want me to do this? Things could get loud in here.
So you want to tell me why we're doing this? GRISSOM: It's an experiment. 
What did you do to me?
I'm Hazmat meat. Quarantine, here I come.
Yeah, well, I'm not worried about the right foot.
Oh, great. It's probably fatal.
You infected me with mildew?
Uh, uh, no DNA tags on those.
You know, I hate it when he does that. I like to make a presentation, you know?
Eh, forget it. Scope's interesting.
Yeah, I found them on the rope near the anchor point. A minuscule sample, but useable.
Well, give me something to compare it to. Get me the fiancée's blood.
I'm open 24 hours.
Uh, Grissom. 
There's, uh, something weird going on with the hairs from the ropes. Well, not weird. More like... hair-raising.
Sorry, bad one. Um, okay, at first I thought that maybe I was doing something wrong -- running too many DNA samples, you know seeing things. GRISSOM: Greg?
Uh, the dwarf hair has seven alleles in common with Jessica Marcus's skin cells.
Profiles say so.
Swami doesn't do magic tricks. Swami's here to reveal all of your DNA secrets.
Blood from the Chamber of Doom. 
Same as the d-donor of the blood found on the basement floor but ... d-different than the blood found in the alleyway.
Different ... animal.
Oh, Swami needs more time.
Now ... clear liquid found near the blood droplets. 
It's ... 
... not from Thora birch, but ...
Thorazine.
The band's last two albums, and the DVD. You know, I heard that they were splitting up.
Okay, your vanishing act. Did a DNA profile on your blood. Ran it through CODIS. Guess who I found?
Zoe Clein. White caucasian. Female. Red hair.
Missing persons.
Yeah. She's been in there for six months. Same time she's been missing. Brass is working on an address.
Well, I did my snooping around. Obviously everyone's upset about Kenyon croaking. 
And they were planning a Best of... album.
Well, someone e-mailed me a clip of Gus on MTV2 a few months ago.
Keith Castle.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, I hear you're cheating on me with an out-of-state DNA analyst.
Room temp?
Really? I thought Elvis was king.
Age is irrelevant in our relationship.
The government results won't give you an individual profile and you can't put them through CODIS.
Hey. Got your report from the Feds.
Because they returned the DNA evidence to me. I took a look at the results. Didn't think you'd mind.
Dead bang. Airtight. Good night, John.
The new case?
Working on it.
The results are back on the zip tie you removed from Debbie Reston's wrists. No foreign epithelials, but I did find an errant hair DNA tag still attached. It's not Debbie Reston's. 
Catherine asked me to cross-check everything with the old cases. It actually belongs to Janet Kent.
I know.
Ladies and Gentlemen, in this corner wearing red leather coming from the great fighting city of Everlast, USA ... 
The gloves that Javier Molina wore when he killed Laroi Steele. This is a piece of boxing history. Do you know how much this would go for on ebay?
Half inorganic salts: Magnesium, potassium, etcetera and half organic derivatives: Urea, choline and uric acid.
We have a problem.
Well, in the interests of posterity I took it upon myself to establish provenance for the killer gloves I mean DNA-wise. On my own time, of course of which I have precious little so that should count for something.
My point is, the epithelials found on the surface of the glove. They're not Laroi Steele's. Those aren't the gloves that killed him.
Heard you're doing a timeline on the ant man.
Yeah.  You know, I, uh ... I can take notes.
One year plus the 28 weeks ... the guy's been dead 19 months.
What?
Uh ... Match Game ... Nipsey Russell, Fannie Flagg game show network. Look, I don't have time for your humor. Ecklie's got a multiple, Warrick tells me his home invasion is my top priority and I'm still backed up on Catherine's no-suspect rape. One servant, many masters. You know what I'm saying?
Well, your stuff just moved to the top of the pile.
What do you got?
Get ready to match the stars.
I paged you, like, ten times.
Well, so was I. First, I processed Mr. Khandelwahl's clothing. Then I compared the DNA I lifted from said clothing to the DNA from the dirty dozen.
But what I do is art. And now, I'm ready to unveil it. Welcome to the new and improved match game.
Now, Graham Cooper grabbed Rajeeb's collar...
Claude Allen and Barry Lawrence used their fists ...
Joey Gillman, Bill Kendal and Rick Midgen got into it, too.
Well, only six of the twelve left behind their epithelials when their skin made contact with the vic's clothing. I've got no physical evidence to tie the others to the crime.
Speaking of twos ... I found blood from both victims on the knife. 
Hey.
Your spot of blood on the ice machine lid?
We've got three alleles on several loci.
One blood came back the vic's. The other came back unknown.
Here it is. Affirmative for female DNA.
Right here.
This is the same woman.
Yeah, a skin sample taken from Brian Haddick's defensive wounds, hair samples from Ashley Curtwell, and buccal swab collected from Gregory Curtwell. No match to the brother or sister. Construction worker didn't do it.
Nah. Nah, those would be orthodontic rubber bands. Hook 'em to your braces, uh, upper to lower. Helps pull the jaw in the right direction. Also great for flinging. Yeah, I had it all -- palate expander, braces, retainer, head gear. Ah, five years of misery, but worth every penny, don't you think?
Um, there might be some saliva residue on them. I can see what I can pull off, if you want.
Well, you're going to need something. Strike three on the knuckles.
I'm not the allergy ace. I'm trying to get out in the field, and you're multitasking me in the lab.
You're also the one who took me off the case.
So what am I? Fish or fowl?
The biggies.
No, she didn't.
I don't care if Mr. Peanut was taking a bath in the vic's lunch. It's not what killed him.
I got the detailed results back from the assay test. The level of immunoglobulin e was insufficient to cause a lethal reaction.
No, uh-uh.
Heard about the shower. Nurse, huh?
Looks like she had a few friends over. A little nurses gone wild.
Blanched.
Talk about sucking all the life out of DNA.
Thought you guys would want to know. The hair Sara found is a match to the bags of human tissue. Prints confirm it. Per Jacqui, it's Michael Clark.
You mean hairs? There were two. Ancillary, maybe arm or leg hair.
According to Jacqui, there were no prints found on the scalpel blades or handle,
... but the blood's a match to both victims.
That's the hair from the spare bedroom.
Propylene glycol. Active ingredient in rogaine for male pattern baldness. Personally, I don't use the stuff, but my grandfather, Papa Olaf -- he was Bruce Willis at age 16. Lucky for me, baldness comes from the mother's side, so I'm safe ... 
Well, maybe the guy we're looking for is going bald ... or trying not to. According to Papa Olaf, a lot of guys who use rogaine also use propecia, kind of like a cocktail. I ran the hair through massspec. I got four peaks: Ethyl alcohol, propylene glycol, minoxidil, and finasteride.
But wait, there's more, and it's a family secret. Sexual. Happens in less than two percent of users.  Papa Olaf was one of those guys that needed hydraulics.
For you ... 
... and you. Just in case.
Blood alcohol level of .14 percent.
Well, I'm just getting warmed up. Tox panel detected traces of thujone. Thujone is the psychoactive chemical found in absinthe, a liquor distilled from wormwood.
In the US. Banned in 1912. Apparently, toxic byproducts are released during the distilling process. Stuff's supposed to make you a little crazy.
Well, this is not coming from personal experience, but according to a friend of a friend of an acquaintance, absinthe is rumored to be served in certain underground clubs. 
Lazarus may have been sucking on Angela's shoulders, but he did not bite her jugular. His DNA's inconsistent with the saliva swabbed from the puncture wounds around her neck.
You know, nothing says I love you like an ounce of fresh blood. It is Angela's blood, and it's mixed with a polyester base. Polyester base is an inert fluid pre-packaged in test tubes used for HIV testing. It helps prepare the blood for centrifugation by forming a barrier between the blood cells and the serum.
I've been here for twenty minutes. What's the code?
I am.
Okay.
Catherine called me. I'm here to help with the case.
Yeah, why?
Serious?
Uh, no.
Yeah. See, no one ever told me.
Yes, sir.
Yes, ma'am. I got it. So, then, what are we looking for?
Why, what'd you find?
Well, I found something. Blood.
Right here. 
Ooh, I also found some videos. Looks like amateur p0rn.
Isn't that the wife?
I found something on your butt.
I was ... 
... as well as the four butts Sara got at the crime scene. 
Found something on them that I can't explain, so I sent them over to Hodges. Your butt's fine. 
Switching gears. Blood found in the Trents' bedroom is a match to Drake Snow.
Three of the four cigarette butts are also a match to Drake.
Female, not a match to Laurel Trent. 
Two additional donors, both male. Not a match to any of our players. No hits on CODIS.
You know, the last time I checked, defacing government property was a federal offense.
Okay, but you're my witness.
Uh-huh.
Up-down, left-right, what?
Semen stains.
Which, on a man's underwear, aren't exactly probative.
Can't tell you how long they've been there, or how often the guy changes his shorts. You know, I knew guys that could go up to four days on one single pair of tighty-whities.
And then, cut out the swatches and send them to myself in DNA. 
DNA results on the blood from Jamal's clothes. It's his own.
So he didn't kill him in the car.
Yeah, and why stab him six times?
Well, if the motive wasn't robbery ... what was it?
Negative on marquis-mecke-froede.
I don't know. I've never seen it before. I ran a color and crystal test. Take a look.
All I can tell you is it's an indole alkaloid.
Yeah, but it's not in the library.
Hey, guys, got a male DNA skin sample collected from Mindy's hair.
Yes and no. The blood is Burnell's, but the skin belongs to another guy.
The gods of CODIS have blessed us with a hit: Riley Boom-Boom Renaldo, proud owner of two assault and battery charges and a possession with intent to distribute.
Current occupation: Apartment manager.
The blood Nick and Sara found in the back of the bus-- consistent with the victim.
Semen found in the back of the bus matches your bus driver's DNA.
Try this one. Bus driver's DNA has 13 alleles in common with the victim's unborn fetus.
Do you think skin cells can survive fifty miles of rough desert road?
I analyzed every strip of fabric from the bus' chassis. Zilch. But I'm a guy who likes to tie up loose ends, so I asked Doc Robbins to send over the scraps that were tied to the body parts. That's where I found them. Fresh, abraded epithelials.
One problem. Double X marks the spot.
Or female staff.
Got time for something a little weird?
I recovered DNA from your Jane Doe skeleton. Clean samples from the molar and femur ... but no hits in CODIS.
Apparently not. I also pulled DNA from the pelvic sample. A mixture: Foreign DNA from a male.
No. That's where it gets weird.
The foreign DNA was homozygous. Hit all 13 loci. One peep per marker.
Okay, so how'd it get there? The tissue was from inside the pelvis, so even if daddy's blood or semen got on her clothes or skin, it never would've survived being in the ground all that time.
Warrick found a baseball cap in Walter's motel. Yielded a blond hair. DNA was still good, which means the hair was no more than a few years old. It was Marissa's son.
You rang?
Is that a rhetorical question?
Really? You dig chicks who dig fire?
Your hottie's matchbook collection came up dead.
True.
So, if the pyro didn't do it for love, and Mrs. A didn't do it for money, who's left?
Whatever happened to toilet paper and trees?
Everyone except for the little guy was getting high and getting by. The girl's on uppers, mom's on downers, and grandma sucks on the cancer stick.
Pants on fire.
Hey, guys? I found something.
No. You need to see this. Both of you. Now!
Please.
Sorry I didn't find the soda bottle.
I found it in a storm drain.
Two blocks west of the house.
I was just filling Nick in...
Uh, I was just getting started. I can do them both together.
The, uh, sweat from the uniform not a match to officer Fromansky.
I'm still alive.
ATM receipt. No card, no cash?
Maybe someone took his wallet.
Got a second?
On a hunch, I ran a bank trace on Tim Coleman. I got a hit. A three hundred dollar withdrawal on his ATM card, 4:06 A.M. today.
Thanks.  I also got surveillance video from the bank.
This ATM's on the corner of Holyfield and Maryland parkway. Since that's definitely not Tim Coleman, maybe it's our killer.
Well, all we got to do now is match a name with the face. Write up a description, send it off to dispatch for broadcast.
Huh?
Fast 'n Fresh Burgers.
But the video shows him using Tim Coleman's card at 4:06.
Well, maybe I'm not the only one who gets screwed up by daylight savings time. What if the ATM and the camera were out of synch?
Video is controlled by the branch office. ATM connects to the national network. Separate systems. If the clocks weren't synchronized ...
Yeah. What's that guy doing so far away from the others?
So, when he asks if anybody has any questions, he's not really asking?
What should I do?
Nuts don't just pop off by themselves.
The roller coaster broke into one hundred and six parts. I just logged the final piece.
I found something a little unusual, for a roller coaster.
Not a sailor, but a ...
Or some kid shaking hands with shorty.
Right. But is it probative to our investigation?
Uh ... Jim Nevins.
I didn't realize the cars were relevant to our investigation.
That semen from the coaster's cab was just processed in my lab. All I can say is, Nevins was a cad.
Yup. And Sara spoke to Brass, who says Nevins was known for taking girls on private rides. Pharaoh's fever was his Spanish fly.
Blood on the shirt is a match to Davis Mullins. Epithelials from inside the shirt belong to Seth Landers.
That means Sam Braun's innocent. This time. Are you disappointed?
Grissom, I have some information that will be of use to you. But, before you get it, I need a decision.
I'm tired of being on the fence here. Either I'm in the lab or I'm in the field. Which is it?
I got a CODIS hit off the semen from your victim. DNA matches a rape-murder case from a year ago.
Warrick's pulling the file.
No, thank you.
Well, according to the DNA results, Todd Coombs is not your rapist.
There's only seven out of thirteen, which means we're looking for a sibling. 
I got the DNA on the hair you lifted off Linley Parker's body. Get this. It's Todd Coombs.
You know, I could've sworn I heard Grissom telling you to do this.
Apparently bloated fingertips.
Yeah, and a lot less accurate.
Your, uh, mummy prints.
Yeah, someone should really have a talk with that guy.
What's that?
The semen from the rape kit doesn't belong to Steve Jansson. No hits off CODIS either.
Hey.
Ah, should be ready any minute. Another baby. I hear the D.A.'s really gunning for the father. What do you think they're going to charge him with? Murder?
Sounds like a slap on the wrist to me.
The red stain in the car ... prophenerine malaeise. 
Heard you guys narrowed your search area to 44 square miles. That could take like months.
Your case is a boy-girl thing, right?
Body was washed up near Windmill Cove? 
These two coves to the north -- Cotton Wood Island, Tequila -- huge make-out spots. But nearly impossible to get to by land.
A gentleman never tells. Anyway, I thought that would be a good place to start. If you guys need an extra set of hands ...
Catherine ... Hey, I got your results. Found a therapeutic level of cough syrup in the baby's system, no more than the recommended dosage.
Maybe. I also found organophosphates, more specifically, disulfoton.
No cough syrup. No pesticides. Traces of monocycline.
Band-aid.
Maybe the Winston's didn't want Howard to suffer.
Your manimal died sober. No alcohol.
All this schmohawk had in his system was trace amounts of ipecac and civet oil, which, if you ask me, is even weirder than the raccoon suit he was wearing.
Yeah. Civet's a wild cat. Its scent has been prized since the pharaohs for being an aphrodisiac.
Well, that's what you get for eating ...
Hey, Catherine ...
A possible inconsistency.
I ran it through CODIS and matched it to another case.
On the three-ten, we're five seconds out. Three, two, one.
Sorry.
Find where he was seven days ago, and we'll find Julie.
So, I know Warrick's off. And Sara's pissed. Why not ask Nick to help?
You mean Sam Braun?
That's why I'm here?
Oh.
He was hungry. Big Snax. A chain. He bought soda for 75 cents, snack for 75 cents, and a household item for $9.99. 
Boy, what I could do with a car like this.
Got it.
I finished the DNA from the car. Matches the reference Sara got from Julie's apartment. And the snack shop? It's the one on Granite's pass. I also found out what the household item was on the receipt.
It was a shovel.
I understand why all these cadets are here. They have to be. But what's up with all these off-duty cops?
For what?
I heard about the bombing. I'm here to help.
Gas-enhanced. Bomber maximized his bang. 
Got a stray wire.
Leading away from the gas tank, right into the center of the dash.
Nowhere near the loom.
What's next?
Spectroscopy just got back. Hydrofluoric acid in her system.
High-powered stuff. Mainly used to remove rust, clean glass, brighten aluminum, dissolve silicas ... and commit murder. 
You know, a hot tub is just like a dishwasher. Washes away all of the impurities.
'93 pinot.  I found trace amounts of hydrofluoric acid in the vino.
Oui.
Hey, got the DNA results back from that bloody band-aid that Grissom found at Dunbar's apartment. Compared it to his DNA. Not a match. But I did find seven alleles in common.
No. It's female. Mother, sister, daughter.
So, there's good news and there's bad news. The bad news is this is the busiest lab in the country.
Oh, I've waited for you forever. I love you!
Nick! 
This is Chandra. 
Sara? 
I want you to meet my replacement. This is Chandra.
So, how was it?
Well, you took some vacation time, right?
Yeah? Okay.
Hey, how was it?
Well, that's the plan anyway. Would you like to see the boss's office?
Grissom ... I'd like to introduce you to Chandra Moore.
Great.  Let me show you to your new digs.
Okay.
I never seen this place with the lights on before. It's kind of like seeing a one-night stand in the morning for the first time.
Beer goggles.
Chaos.
Cartridge casings.
Bullet impact.
Victim was shot at close range ... in a crowd. Witnesses say there was a stampede. It's a good time to ditch a gun. Maybe it's still here.
Where are you going?
Hey, Grissom. Is that the burnt Polaroid from the nightclub?
Bobby Dawson confirms that this .32 auto from the club is indeed the murder weapon. He's running it through NCIC and pawn shops.
Sorry. I'm late.
Yeah, I recognize that guy in the picture.  From blitzkrieg? Manny, the club owner. So our first victim ... 
... strangled this guy with wire, ... 
... photographs it ...
... takes it to the club, burns it for some reason, and then takes one between the eyes himself?
Whoever shot him?
I like not being her anymore.
I don't know. I can tell you the toilets in the club had blue water.
Well, when you got to go, you got to go.
No.
Duct tape.
So the shooter stuck the gun in the toilet earlier to avoid the metal detector.
So if Manny is the shooter, why would he need to hide his own gun?
Check for prints.
I failed this one.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hey, Chandra, how was your first day?
Hey, guys, can I talk to you for a sec?
I just want to ask you a few questions.
Grissom ...
We got a young male D.B. by the dumpster.
Hell no, I'm not okay. Who the hell's shooting at us?
Somebody tried to just throw him out with the trash.
Yeah. Fine.
Plenty of guns at crime scenes. Cops have them, some criminalists ...
If this is why you paged me then I ...
Well?
Is that makeup?
What about the intestinal tract contents?
That whole neighborhood looks like it was built in the 70s. Could've come from any one of the apartment buildings or the houses.
Hmm ...
I did. Under the lip curve.
Well, I'm not sure what's the best way to process the print.
Yeah.
What else is there left to do but run it through AFIS?
Are you saying that I'm going to have to cut it out in order to lift it?
Oh.
Well, I appreciate your help.
I don't know if I'd be quite as accommodating after just being ... 
Well, you know.
Yeah.
Smells like a toilet.
I'll get them.
Victim's in a relaxed position in front of a fake fire. Alcohol. Solitude.
Powder burns around the entrance wound. Close to contact shot.
It all suggests suicide.
Huh ... family and friends who discover a body sometimes remove the weapon to make it look like murder. No suicide stigma and better chances of collecting any life insurance.
So, are you going to say, the game's afoot?
I'm not. I saw a Sherlock Holmes movie once by mistake.
Very funny.
Got it.
Nose is mushroomed. Looks like pure lead. Two cannelures consistent with a revolver. One, two, three, four, five, six lands and grooves. Left hand twist.
Colt .45?
Are you checking up on me?
Thanks.
Check this out.
Oh, yeah - I was supposed to.
There's a blood stain on the page ends.
Do you think an obsessive neat freak like our vic would leave something like that on one of his most prized possessions?
Got the tox. Cocaine metabolites in the vic's urine. 500 nanograms per M.O.
Yeah, but there was also morphine in his blood and in the syringe.  Seven percent solution, morphine sulfate and water. Sherlock went from crack to smack.
And at a pretty hefty dose, too. How fast for the injection to take effect?
Not much time to undo the works, put away his antique syringe, pick up a gun and blow his brains out.
Well, maybe Sherlock had some help.
It could be from a lot of things.
The same as the umber of tobacco in the victim's slipper?
Yeah ... and, uh, smoking kills.
These blood drops aren't uniform. Some of them are clotted red cells, but others are pure serum.
It takes at least twenty minutes for blood to clot and separate. If Watson killed Sherlock, the blood drops on his shoe would all be the same.
Jeez, all his stuff is up for auction. This is Dennis Kingsley's entire collection. He's getting rid of everything.
Hold it. 
Murder weapon was a Colt .45 revolver, current whereabouts unknown.
Come on, let's keep going.
There it is - The Hound of the Baskervilles.
Can you pull up the bidding history?
Let's see who's interested.
What's the big deal about that?
But then he put it up for auction, and made you bid for it. When the price got too high, you confronted him.
Ooh, that looks like a paper cut to me. Are we gonna find your blood on that book?
I want to go back to the crime scene.
The grips of Dennis Kingsley's antique Colt .45 were mother of pearl, consistent with the chip collected here. I identified trace on the edge of that chip, and it's red clay dust.
The fire's fake, but these red clay bricks are real.
Well, the killer obviously left with the gun. And if there was some kind of struggle, maybe the killer left behind some skin fragments or a strand of hair.
Not really.
The man was a credit to his genre. He runs a loop of surgical tubing through the weapon secured inside the chimney.
A shot of morphine a few minutes earlier takes the edge off.
It would have been easy for him to plant Watson's brand of tobacco ash on his floor. I figure, Sherlock drew his own blood in advance and then sprayed it on Watson's shoe at their last meeting.
Well, Watson said they were friends, but who knows what kind of relationship they really had. Maybe they hated each other. Maybe Dennis couldn't stand the thought of anyone else being Sherlock. Besides, I thought motive wasn't our business.
All right.
Okay.
That's right.
Yeah.
Evidence out of context.
No. You think someone switched his coke with morphine?
I guess not.
I can find out.
I went through the medical records for all of our suspects. As far as I can tell, none of them have ever been prescribed morphine. I think Watson's our best bet. The guy is a security guard at Desert Palms; he was certainly around morphine.
Grissom. You wanted to see me.
Thank you.
I don't get it. I got the wrong guy, the wrong manner of death.
Thank you.
Grissom said it'd be okay for me to come help. I need the experience.
Okay, stop.
Nine-millimeter.
I look like a dork.
Yep.
Uh ... Dudley ... Anderson?
Catherine, I heard Ecklie suspended Sara. What can we do?
No?
Sara's always been there for anyone who needs her. She's always had my back. So what if she flew off the handle a little?
Screw.
Tire's valve stem was unscrewed. Two full turns.
I found your fingerprints on her car's fender.
Is that when you messed with her tire? 
Okay, so Lori's tire went flat.
We're going to need a sample of your DNA. Any objections?
You giving the car a workout?
How long has the wheel been going round and round?
She left the club around eleven. Time of death was between midnight and
You started without me.
Carpet's black. Fibers on the vic's clothing were red.
I don't mean to pry, but you want to talk about what happened with you and Ecklie?
I don't know if you know this about me, but I'm a good listener.
If you've added up every cent I've made in my entire life, I still wouldn't be able to afford half this car.
It's art. And I'd have every girl in the neighborhood after me.
Red carpet. Same as the interior.
Who says we can't? Plant DNA is no different than human DNA. In fact, a plant genome is larger. I'm on it.
I know why she did it. While you two were at P.D., I called the family lawyer. He faxed over a copy of Lori's father's trust. Estate's worth $50 million.
No, to her son. Lori was the trustee with a stipend of $2.5 mil a year. If anything were to happen to Lori, guess who takes her place?
Yup.
Hmm. She's fitting in pretty well, huh?
Is that a trick question?
But their visitors might.
Brass subpoenaed Eiger's home phone records in the last year.
Numerous calls from Eiger's house to Sy Magli's office.
Between midnight and 4:00 a.m.-- What I like to call love hours.
Public enemies, private lovers. So Jackie Collins.
His phone records indicate that you spoke more recently than that.
Catherine?
You gotta see the TV.
According to Mrs. Eiger's verified alibi, she left for the club around
Dispatch received her 911 call at 11:42. So we're concerned with the four hours in between.
10:09, the third floor balcony doors were opened.
Bye-bye, Bruce.
Milkmaid exits?
She didn't make her call to 911 until 11:42. What was she doing for over an hour?
Please tell me I finally got a hooker roll.
That much cash? Guy must have been a gambler.
Well, uh, livor mortis is settled, which means the body's been laying in this position for a while. Pronounced petechiae on the chest from lack of oxygen. Guy was struggling to breathe, pressure built up, and it popped the blood vessels.
Yeah, I saw that purple fiber. I was going to collect it. I just work on my own rhythm.  I don't see anything purple in the room.
Me, too. This guy was a machine.
Got you. We want to see who came ... and went.
Hotel gave us copies of the surveillance tapes from the time Hudson checked in.
I'm all the way up to last night, and he's always solo.
No way. Soft p0rn couldn't crack that table.
No cell phone. No calls out. Always alone. Who was he with?
Or maybe he was a chubby chaser.
Hey, some men like curves.
Heavy object, heavy person.
Where are you going?
Was he here last night?
We're investigating Mr. Hudson's death. Was he with anyone?
Message board?
Hi. I'm from the Crime Lab. There's potential evidence on this board. I need the messages for Maurice Hudson.
Yes. He's dead.
I take it you knew him.
You don't have to be large to have low self-esteem.
Did he check his messages last night?
Where can I find her?
Brenda got off the elevator at 7:30. Regina got on. They knew each other, so things must have been uncomfortable.
Spent the night. She didn't leave till the next morning.
That means she slept with a dead guy. She's not only a killer, she's a necrophiliac. That's what I call enjoying your work.
How drunk do you have to be to sleep next to a decomposing body? The smell alone's an alarm clock.
How much does this thing weigh?
Oh, I can't lift that. And if I can't, you can't. This is a safety issue.
You know, this is exactly like a dream I had once, except it wasn't in a garage. And Grissom wasn't watching.  That was a different dream.
Like 240 pounds of pure woman.
Limited.
Yeah, guys, help.
Oh.
I've finally regained feeling in my spine, thanks for asking.
Yeah, I guess I just wanted to see what the big deal is.
Yeah, I consider myself to be pretty open-minded. Find other people's predilections very intriguing. What do you like? What gets your juices flowing?
I just got the call.
Where's Grissom?
Hey.
What are you doing?
Blood.
Hey, Mia.
Let me guess; you're listening to something classy like Jessica or Ashlee.
Oui, oui.
And what about the semen from Martha's SAE?
Really?
This guy's immune system doesn't recognize his own sperm. Antibodies are attacking the little guys.
November, 2003. Killer had a vasectomy, then had it reversed.
Thanks, Mia.
Get this -- the rapist's semen came back positive for cocaine.
I know that, but given our suspect's priors for blow, I had a tech run an immunoassay specific to the drug.
The gift show's in town. There aren't any vacancies on the strip.
I wouldn't know.
I'm bored.
Well, before committing a crime, a typical serial rapist will often m*st*rb*t* to his perfect rape-murder fantasy. Didn't wear a condom then, didn't want to wear one during the act. Besides, the DNA isn't on file. It wasn't much of a risk.
CSI's don't mind the bugs. 
If the DNA on this cup matches the seminal DNA, Grissom won't need a warrant. We'll be making an arrest.
I'm Greg Sanders from the Crime Lab. I'm here to collect trace from the arson victim.
Thanks.
I thought ... I just assumed she was dead.
How extensive are the burns?
I hope the morphine's working.
Not now.
She's still a Jane Doe. I'm going to need all of her clothes, as well as any trace off her body.
Debridement?
I don't see why.
A plastic card. I found traces of alcohol all over her clothes. She was doused in it.
That was the point of origin.
She hasn't been home since?
Is this her ring? 
We're still investigating.
About as well as could be expected. Doctors had to amputate the fingers from her right hand. Too great a risk for infection. 
They gave them to me to process for trace.
Thanks.
Hey.
Nothing. I'm fine.
I feel like a wuss. Grissom told me I should take a break, and I did.
How do you get an image like that out of your mind?
Is that supposed to make me feel better?
Sara, I just want you to know that when we were in the shower, I didn't see anything.
This guy's a poster child for self-love.
No matter how hard you work to get big, there's always someone bigger.
What do you think Freud would have to say about one of these being the murder weapon?
Nine millimeter in the nightstand, and syringes next to the bed.
Maybe our vic was putting the smack in smackdown.
Sara, I just want you to know, when we were in the shower, I didn't see anything.
Steroids. That guy was stacking to get bigger.
Sick.
Here? A whole lot of blood.
Okay. So, how does human tissue get inside a wall?
Same as the handgun I found in the bedroom.
Eventually, the mold released spores, ... 
... which spread through the house AC, and right on up into muscle-head's nose.
Well, Tiffany is actually a street name for Angela Wheeler, known prostitute.
Her family reported her missing last month.
A DNA reference sample was collected from her apartment in the initial investigation.  Mia's on it.
This is just like that Edgar Allen Poe story where the victim's heart under the floorboards betrays the murder.
I do when they're about dismembered bodies.
I don't feel sick.
Foam. Like the head of a beer.  Sorry.
So he drowned?
It was fine. How was your first time? How did you react?
I didn't puke.
It was weird, seeing a body laying on a table like that. Doc Robbins just pulling out his insides until it was all empty.
Doc Robbins said, That's all we really are.
What are you doing?
With what?
Okay.
My prostate is just fine. I'm not a soda fountain.
What is this all about?
This is some kind of CSI hazing. Make me appreciate blood and semen more.
Hey, how about some pillow talk? Robbie's pillow had saliva on it. Lots of it; all his.
Well, look at this -- I found slits at both ends.  Left hand ... and right hand.
Yo.
Bullet is a .25 auto caliber Winchester full metal jacket. You can't shoot .25s from a .22 caliber pistol.
Which means the semi-automatic you found in Alice Granger's car isn't the murder weapon.
Okay, well, did you know that the gun is registered to a Douglas Granger?
Hey. Your suspect, Jeff Simon, just got released from custody.
His alibi checked out. I talked to the cop who pulled him over for speeding, at 2:15 A.M., right around T.O.D.
They jammed him for over an hour. I mean, made him walk the line, gave him a breathalyzer, the whole nine.
Guy confessed to stalking. At least you got him on that.
Hey, Grissom, when you went to college did you live in the dorms?
So you're saying college isn't worth the expense?
Condom wrapper.
That vomit's also consistent with exposure to C.O.
There's a trace of semen on the door handle.
This one, too.
Trophy condoms.
When a stud scores, he announces his victory by putting his spoils on his neighbor's doorknob.
Spontaneous toilet combustion?
You think this has anything to do with the case?
I swabbed every square inch of this toilet. So far, no evidence of explosive powders or a detonation device.
Theoretically, pressure could have built up, broken a sewer pipe and shot up through the toilet.
I already checked. There's no methane gas in this region of Clare County.
Well, if dorm food is as bad as I can remember, we should consider explosive diarrhea.
Ladies, I just spoke with Western LVU's student affairs officer. Apparently, Trip's next-door neighbor, Zack Capola filed several grievances against him. I'm headed over there now.
You always do.
Me?
You had problems with his loud music, banging on the wall, used condoms hanging on your doorknob.
We're trying to figure out what happened to Trip and Paula. Earlier you said he wasn't such a bad guy.
What exactly are we looking for?
Most sources of carbon dioxide come from ...  ... factories, cars and volcanoes, not something we're gonna find in a dorm room.
Uh, s*x journal. 
Lists of girls ... dates ... and sexual activities.
I've never even heard of some of these.
Never mind.
Ah, you're a car buff, huh?
Yeah, me, too. I always wanted a Testarossa. What about you, what's your dream car?
Does anyone else have access to your room?
Excuse me. 
I don't see anything but a couple pieces of balled up paper and a soda can. Nothing incendiary.
Well, what are you thinking?
The only thing I can think of is dry ice.
Yeah, but can you put enough dry ice in Zack's room to raise the amount of carbon dioxide in Trip's room to a lethal level?
Level's only 1.2. We need more dry ice.
I think I know why the bodies turned pink.
Dry ice is cold. The dry ice significantly lowered the temperature in both rooms, and the drastic decrease in temperature can turn a dead body pink. We see it all the time when we pull dead bodies from frozen rivers.
I'll have P.D. run a credit card check on everyone in the dorm, see if anyone recently purchased a large quantity of dry ice.
I found this toilet behind my apartment complex. It's, uh, volunteered for an experiment.
I put dry ice in the bowl.
When the ice was flushed, it would've lodged in the drain trap. As the ice sublimated and gas was released, it would've built up, causing the toilet to explode.
And, uh, P.D. checked credit card records. No one in that dorm bought dry ice on credit.
There's only two retail outlets in twenty miles that sell it, and no one's purchased a large quantity of dry ice in the last few weeks.
Well, I think I explained the explode-a-potty.
Have you ... seen this before?
Trip kept record of his, uh, relationships with women. Your name is in here. Three times. On, uh, February 2nd, you hooked up for the first time. Looks like second base. On February 9th, you rounded third, and on February
You knew Zack was in L.A., so you broke into his room during the day and drilled a hole in the wall.
Later that night, you returned.
Trip and Paula were asleep, passed out from the alcohol. When the ice evaporated, the gas engulfed the room, killing them.
So drilling the hole in the wall and leaving the ice behind was an accident?
I think I got it.
All right, well, I've never been one to take the path of least resistance, so I'm going for the dirt road. One dice.
Yeah, well, at least I had a style to change.  One, two, three, four. Take a Duke card. What's a Duke card?
Okay, so Duke cards, good; Hazzard cards, bad.
You jumped over a pile of rocks. Move five extra spaces.
Yeah-hoo.
I think I'm having it right now.
Grissom, I pulled all of Nick's active and recent cases.
Got it.
I remember. Top of the pile.
Assuming he was in that truck.
So far, none of Nick's active or recent cases stands out. And his old stalker's still bend bars.
Well, pick one. There's three.
Give me a break. I haven't done this before.
That gives us the radius for the search area.
Got it.
I'll get a map.
Hey, I found a trigger wire. Maybe ... once we reassemble all the components, we'll be able to tell where the bomb came from. Maybe that ...
Was that necessary? Never mind my clothes. Look at the evidence.
Hey, guys, come here. I found something.
Look at this.
There's something underneath there.
Another over here.
Do you think Nick could be under here?
I don't know.
And the data from the black box in Walter Gordon's truck gave us a 23-mile travel radius.
I think I got it.
All right, well, I've never been one to take the path of least resistance, so I'm going for the dirt road. One dice.
Yeah, well, at least I had a style to change.  One, two, three, four. Take a Duke card. What's a Duke card?
Okay, so Duke cards, good; Hazzard cards, bad.
You jumped over a pile of rocks. Move five extra spaces.
Yeah-hoo.
I think I'm having it right now.
Grissom, I pulled all of Nick's active and recent cases.
Got it.
I remember. Top of the pile.
Assuming he was in that truck.
So far, none of Nick's active or recent cases stands out. And his old stalker's still bend bars.
Well, pick one. There's three.
Give me a break. I haven't done this before.
That gives us the radius for the search area.
Got it.
I'll get a map.
Hey, I found a trigger wire. Maybe ... once we reassemble all the components, we'll be able to tell where the bomb came from. Maybe that ...
Was that necessary? Never mind my clothes. Look at the evidence.
Hey, guys, come here. I found something.
Look at this.
There's something underneath there.
Another over here.
Do you think Nick could be under here?
I don't know.
And the data from the black box in Walter Gordon's truck gave us a 23-mile travel radius.
You paged.
I give up.
Mia Dickerson, Warrick Brown.
Just hedging my bets.
Well, I need field experience, but before I get that, I need to find a replacement. So far, I'm oh-for-one. Plus, she's hot and thinks you're a tool, so I'm way ahead.
His. And only his.
Synthetic. Probably from a wig.
I know. I'm just trying to make the transition seamless. Forget I'm here. 
So would you like to grab a bite later? I know a diner down the street that serves a mean liver and onions.
Never ever?
Really?
Wow.
Oh, blowing out the candles.
Well, yeah, with searching April's apartment, maybe finding the bad guy.
Oh, I'm smiling on the inside.
Thanks.
April own a computer?
Well, she MapQuest the directions to the convenience store from the pedophile's address.
I re-tested the t-shirt and the blanket. The blood still matches Alicia Perez. The evidence supports this ... unless you'd like to second-guess that also.
We all have to learn how to accept change. Mia's doing a great job. It would be nice if someone other than me said so.
I compared that to the other blood evidence. It's also match to the victim.
Eyeglasses on the floor.
Got vomit?
What flies when they're on and floats when they're off?
Long and blue. I'll bag 'em.
Sara.
Looks like someone tampered with the tent.
Window's open.
He must be an idiot to go inside a tented house.
Well, assuming you're right, and he went in and never left, shouldn't the window be open wider?
Okay. Now, Mr. Beckman never came out of the house. Why is there a trail of sand leading away from it and straight to the neighbor's house?
Have you been in his house recently?
Rory, have you felt dizzy or disoriented?
You may be suffering from sulfuryl fluoride gas poisoning. Urination's the only way for the poison to get out.
But if you're lying, you're in big trouble.
Just came from tox. Rory Kendell's urine analysis is still pending. I know we're not supposed to get ahead of the evidence here, but if he's not guilty ...
It's Rory, right.
Who?
The print on the doorbell is a match to Zach, and I found vomit in the bushes. Both support his account. Sara?
What?
Ornithological database just ID'd the feathers I collected at the crime scene.  Hyacinth macaw. So how come you and Brass didn't involve me in the interrogation?
Thanks.
Grissom. We got smoke. Coming from an uncapped electrical conduit.
Looks like we need to find that bird.
Oh. There were no flies in here when we processed the house.
Well, bird could've flown up somewhere and died.
Which means the macaw was either bird-napped or he flew the coop.
Necrophilic voyeurism.
Hot shoes.
I take it back.
Vanessa Keaton was walking home. She had a few. Her feet hurt. She takes off her shoes. Dolce vida.
The fountain was on. Maybe the action of the water washed away evidence.
We don't know that.
Okay.
Hey, Hodges, you got the results of our drowning victim?
Well, I kind of need them now.
My people are Norwegian. That's how we spell it. So, is the funtain water in her lungs?
Called diatoms. They're unique, like fingerprints. Diatoms from one body of water don't match those from any other.
Not even close. Which means she didn't drown there.
She blew you off, didn't she?
Vanessa Keaton died in a pool.
Got it.
Oh, my money's on bag number two.
Just like being back in college, right?
Grissom and I figured that they practiced safe s*x, so we processed their trash. Check them inside and out, please.
Yeah, screen them for blood. Possible weapon.
M-4, M-5, M-1, M-8.  She was the belle of the ball.
I know.
The evidence wasn't cooperating, so I stuck it to them.
Well, I haven't had much time for analysis. So far the only inorganics are these black plastic shreds, from a garbage bag, I think, and ... this. 
Well, blue trace is tacky to the touch.
WLVU parking pass. Connection to the campus. 1986. This guy's been doing this a long time.
I'll run 'em. See if they're the same.
How do you know?
Yeah, got it. Homemade.
Hey, did you spill print powder in the back the van?
May have found something.
I think my eyes need band-aids.
You did say shi-fft, right? I reviewed roughly eight hours of video surveillance you so generously provided. Janelle Macklin and several friends rode the VIP elevator to the penthouse around eight p.m. The only other time Janelle set foot in the elevator ... she was a ransom note.
... and, based on the video, they didn't use the stairs or the service elevator, either. Maybe's she's still in the suite. It's a big room.
I think you said that about me once.
What's the time code?
That's right after Janelle Macklin's last call to her voice mail. Just like he said. Let me access the message.
Every time I ask Grissom, he says, next time out. And then I end up here.
Okay, here it is.
Hey, these are the pills Eric collected from Wendy Garner's bathroom. For the record, I really like having a pen1s.
Okay, the reds and blues are bootleg estrogen conjugates out of Mexico.
Premarin's green, a heavy-duty hormonal supplement. Name's short for Pregnant Mare Urine. Talk about your PETA nightmare.
Mexican-grade painkillers, tranquilizers, and a broad-spectrum antibiotic. Sounds like a post-surgery cocktail to me.
Did you just get a lunch date?
Sara, you asked for some ... research. Microfiche. Medical Journals. The stacks. There's not a lot on this guy, but this is what I've been able to find.
Vietnam vet -- served as medic. Then it looks like he did a short stint with the sanctuary alliance in Ghana.
He goes from Ghana to Mexico, where he's arrested and deported for performing illegal abortions.
No. Benway never went to medical school.
In 1983, he was arrested for protesting outside the Supreme Court. 
1987, San Francisco Chronicle article. He was interviewed at an anti-nuke rally.
Those fingerprints on the video tape you recovered? We got a match.
We processed the guy's jeans. Tight GSR pattern around the entrance hole.
It was accidental.
I'm confused. Do we think the dead guy bought a defective gun, or was he selling a gun he'd already modified?
Well, if that was the case, then why would he need to file down the serial numbers?
To expose the denser metal of the serial number.
And pop goes the serial number! 
All right.
Excuse me.
Mac in the box. Five of them. Serials obliterated. 
Each modified weapon's a separate count. Each filed-off serial number's a separate count. This guy was looking at ten felonies.
That's tonight.
Buyers don't know he's dead.
I'll start the sketch.
Brass ran the plates on that Acura near the trailer. It's registered to a Robert Durgee.
Confirmed as the vic -- Henderson address, mortgage broker. Wife's name was on the insurance card.
She wasn't home. Brass is tracking her down.
I think I found it.
Ahh ... 
Grissom would've tasted it on purpose.
I think so ... bullet fragment. Copper-jacketed. Rules out a .22.
That's roughly two days after the bodies ended up in the trunk. Maybe our vics were the beginning of a little crime spree. Thanks.
Could be a Son of Sam thing. Summertime, couple on a date, making out in the car. Berkowitz used a .44.
That would explain the bullet fragments. 
No missing persons filed for Caucasian males between 20 and 30 in the last two weeks, but there are possibles for the girl.
Two cases still open. Thirteen seems a little young.
The other one's 16.
So we're looking for ... bite marks? If we find a good impression, maybe we'll get an ID through dental records.
And the student becomes a master.
I'm not seeing any bite marks.
Check it out. They might all be in pieces ... but they're all still here. No one ever ate any of them. Which is kinda weird. I mean, why buy all of 'em and not eat 'em?
It escaped the carnage.
That's not frosting.
Well, whoever did it must've done it for the drugs.
Joey Zack's print was found on the radio, which was tuned to 107 FM.
How about this? You ever seen this car before?
We could just call the health inspector and ... see how many code violations he has festering in that concession stand.
When he quit his job at the drive-in, he was in court-ordered rehab.
We don't know where yet.
He leaves it there collecting parking tickets, skips town, and uses the same gun two days later in another drug-related crime in Mesquite.
It's like trying to get an ID on swimmers from ripples in the pool. How about you?
Helping hands?
Sir, have you seen any suspicious cars in the neighborhood, or strangers?
Well, what about the weekends?
Aggressive little pooch. 
What do you mean?
Karen Matthews?
Did you see her do that?
Mr. McCracken, who told you her son was killed?
Jesse David Matthews. Mother Karen, father Dwight. Born August 31, 1999. I also checked for a death certificate. Nothing on file.
Jesse and Karen kept to themselves. But he was always leaving his toys around outside.
Well, when I asked, When was the last time you saw Jesse? No one remembered exactly.
So how do we do this?
And that's where we dig?
Me neither.
Guy said that Karen freaked out when his dog barked at her kid. Maybe the dog chewed through the fence.
That would be Queenie.
Let's see what Hodges can tell us.
Hey, Archie.
Please tell me you've ID.'d Casino Dan.
If I wanted to visit Dan in person, where would I go?
Anything else I should know?
Who was he looking for?
You Dan Nobler?
Care to elaborate on that?
Yeah, the guy's a jerk.
Well, don't expect any applause.
ALS is lighting up everywhere.
Yeah, including her teeth. Check out the cabinet.
Speed freak.
Maybe she killed Ahren in the garage, then came up here to take a Silkwood shower. 
If Bianca killed him, and then came up here to take a shower, wouldn't she have left a trail?
It appears she missed a spot.
The dead guy?
Did you stop by recently to check out the competition?
We found your blood in her bedroom. And her dead boyfriend in the garage.
This the guy who shot you?
So whatever happened to the bullet?
So I guess we wait.
Yeah. Bobby was able to pull more stria off the leg bullet, but still no IBIS hits. So what about the phone guy, huh? The utility man's always a shade-ball.
No wonder she didn't work. He owns fifty Gas n' Sips in Vegas.
Justin lives on the train tracks. And he's pretty tweaked out.
What is it?
Always the utility guy.
Gun left on the body ... isn't that how the mob used to do it?
Looks like a bank vault.
Ricochet marks.
Possible bullet fragments.
Bullets here, body there ...
Who'd want to kill you?
Greg.
Well, maybe you thought wrong.
Wow! You know, Lois had her first sexual experience on her ninth-grade field trip to the state capitol ... with the governor.
Well, you know, this place is a piece of Las Vegas history; you don't want to just go and chop it up.
Yeah, but we don't know exactly where it is, so ...
... I thought we'd let Hawkeye here do a little exploration for us.
No.
Ten grand brick. Benjamin bit the bullet.
No more room under the mattress?
Easy access in case you need to rewire.
So, Mandy wasn't able to lift any prints off of the cash we found.
No kidding. You ever hear that expression old money? This stuff was ancient -- some of it's signed by Eisenhower's treasury secretary. Series dates all before 1965. Same with the grand we found on the vic.
Shrimp salad ...
Oh, yeah. That beach party ... hoo-hoo-hoo. Marilyn Monroe and the president ... Swing-a-ding-ding.
Approximately one million dollars in cash.
Benny Dunbar, Jimmy the Crumb ...
Tuna ... and the homeless are dining on shrimp salad. Lucky Clydes.
Not exactly. But she does say back in '65, Vegas was getting a little bit too hot for Tony C, so he had to take a powder for a while. And dig this: while he was gone, the famous Pan Am heist was pulled off back east. 
And, compadre, in the next chapter, Tony builds Lois the house. Connect the dots, buddy boy.
Consider this nutty notion: Tony's not worm food, he's around; he finds out that Lois went canary and wrote the book, so he hires some protection, someone who'd be at the party.
Well, I don't see homicide anywhere on her schedule.
Wait a sec ... that's Lois' dinner outfit, and that's the dress she was wearing when we opened up the vault.
Wow, it's the end of an era.
Asleep ... or surprised by someone she trusted?
That's Lois O'Neill's company.
Yeah, you can't say her name without kissing twice. Lois O'Neill --
Grissom, you know I was looking into that Pan Am heist in '65?
It's related to our case. I just got off the phone with the FBI Lab at Quantico. Bobby Dawson sent them ballistics on the gun we found on Tim Duke.
It's a match to the gun that was used to kill a guard in the Pan Am heist. So I sent them serials on the cash we found.
Right-o, Daddy-O.
Wow.
She knew she was going to die. That's why she wrote the book, 'cause she knew that if she was gone, there'd be nobody left to tell the true story.
No. But, uh ... looking beautiful -- yeah. In all the papers -- yeah. Murdered ... only if she was the one who called the shots.
So the bus driver said the guy got on here? You sure this is a working stop?
For what?
Assuming our guy's not from around here, how'd he get here?
Every time I come to the desert, I see porno mags. Who brings spankables out here?
Nobody throws away p0rn. They're like heirlooms. Passed on down the family tree.
Whoever was here had some big shoes.
Not necessarily big feet. Multiple socks.
Assuming it's our guy.
What brought Zoe in?
Was there a problem?
Put a TV in there, it wouldn't be half bad.
You worried about hanky-panky?
This clinic is like Hotel California: You can check in any time you like, but you might never leave. Zoe Kessler and Captain Jack were part of the same sleep study.
A dozen. I have called all of them on the list. They're intact, and none of them are numbered.
Wolfowitz said Zoe left in the middle of the night on the 13th.
I don't know, but according to their records, he also left early.
Well, she doesn't look freaked out. Looks like she's sleeping like a baby.
Okay, so she gets up ... gets out.
Well, she didn't just pop out of bed, she was woken up by someone. How much you want to bet that's Wolfowitz in the doorway?
A trip to the bathroom, maybe?
I'll take video spectral analysis for two hundred, Nick.
That's a gym membership card.
The logo in the corner -- it's Burt's Gym -- I belong to the one on Flamingo.
Yeah, a little, uh ... Muy Thai. It's competitive kickboxing. Gotta balance weights with cardio, you know what I mean?
Oh, you won't. Member names are printed in black ink. VSA only brings out the colors.
Yeah ... but we catch the smart ones, too. And this guy's definitely smart. 
He lights smoke bombs on three different floors so as not to call attention to his target.
Victim sees the smoke, sees him, and opens the door.
I mean, who wouldn't trust a fireman, right?
Door in the parking structure was like the arm of a slot machine: Smudge city.
Yeah, he gave us a full description. Said he looked like a fireman.
Maybe he was a fireman in another city.
What's that?
A real fireman probably wouldn't make that mistake.
Maybe he put something in the tank to subdue her.
Eventually. But this guy was somehow able to get her from the door to the bed without a struggle.  I bet he used nitrous oxide. That stuff will knock you out real fast.
And it's undetectable in the blood after a few minutes. Pretty easy to come by. And it would explain the valve on top. It's liquid under pressure. It would spill if it were upside down. All you need is a driver's license and a deposit for the tank. If this guy bought nitrous from a local distributor, there's definitely a record.
I've got hundreds of names of people who purchased nitrous oxide in the last six months.
That is narrowed down.
What do the victims have in common?
So they have nothing in common.
Where does he go from here?
Hey.
Yeah, about that, uh, we traded days.
Well, uh, it's a long story, but the short answer is I have an expertise in the occult.
A small office. Probably where she did the readings. There's, uh, incense, pendulum, jar of marbles. They're used for divining. It's hipper than the old crystal ball.
Oh, my grandmother, Nana Olaf. She was a psychic. She didn't have a store. She just had a kitchen table and she prognosticated for free. She had a sixth sense. And the family thinks that I might have inherited it.
That I'm due for a promotion?
Got some blood drops over here.
No.
Maybe the killer cut himself?
I'll swab it.
You ever been to a psychic?
Yeah.
Sure. Uh, cash register's empty, which could mean robbery gone bad.
The shot was a through-and-through. Bullet went into this wall. Haven't extracted it yet. Shot was fired along this line.
Which puts the shooter on the far side of the body.
Well, I can think of two reasons: One, the shooter was on drugs and did it just to do it. Or there wasn't enough money in the register and he decided to look for more.
Well, uh, he figured that the victim must have had a purse or a safe somewhere ... 
and terrorizing her is one way to get her to give it up.
Ray Bans -- Ray B.
Grissom?
Take a look out there. What do you see?
A one-armed cactus. And take a look at these labels. Rhode ... eo.
I think that the victim saw images of the crime scene. Grissom, I think she foresaw her own death.
Hey.
Oh, Grissom said you're backing me up. Can't back me up if I'm not here.
Get to see the ladies.
Unfortunately, the Crime Lab doesn't have a budget for that. Greg Sanders, Warrick Brown. Las Vegas Crime Lab.
So he was stalking you?
Hey, Henry, what's up?
I'll second that and raise you a stripper.
Atropine comes from a plant, right?
The psychic had that in her shop. Can you tell from the blood work whether she absorbed enough for it to be lethal?
What about hyperthermia?
The vic's temperature was elevated. Belladonna would help explain it.
Later.
Vending machine's on me if you give me your results first.
Me and you?
Okay, but I get to sit in the middle.
Really? Can I have the file?
Warrick didn't find any, and the suspect had an alibi. But I think you just broke the case.
Well, one of the broken jars at the store contained belladonna, which is a poison. The vic only inhaled it, but if the killer had an open wound, he not only inhaled it ...
I need to check the hospitals.
That's like ten blocks from the crime scene.
You swab that wound on his hand yet?
Swab's still around?
You heard about the strip club?
Then that ear surgery paid off. Our first lead didn't pan out, but I got a better one. Damon Mitchell crashed his black Chevy into a median only ten blocks from the occult shop, right around the time the psychic was killed. His prints match latents we found at the scene. He was hospitalized for what turned out to be belladonna poisoning. And get this -- he worked the National Finals Rodeo last year. Slam dunk. I'm meeting Vega at PD in twenty minutes.
What lead? I don't think your sixth sense is working as well as you'd hoped.
Yeah, you left your fingerprints and your blood at the location. And according to this tox report, you were most likely poisoned at the same place.
What time was that?
No. Only a full bottle of bourbon. But he could've ditched the gun.
So, what's with the ghetto?
So you probably didn't have any time to get some work done?
Didn't work for Sedona Wiley.
So you never looked in Summerlin?
Well, one more spider bite won't make a difference. But you, being the bug guy, would probably enjoy being bitten.
Could be rib.
Check this out.
No collar or tags down here, but I found this ... whatever it is.
Did you know that there are approximately 280 bones in a dog's body?
Well, the, uh, forensic vet should be here soon. Hopefully, he'll be able to determine whether this is a French Bulldog.
Based on what?
So, your hand made contact with the hood of the car?
Well, I'm going to need an impression of your palm and your fingerprints.
Voila.
Palm print on the hood of the car appears to be a solid match to Anna Leah.
You took the money to make it look like a robbery.
You have to admit, it's, uh, pretty eerie -- Sedona's visions of her own death.
Yeah, I know you're a cynic. I just think that you can have beliefs and still be a scientist.
She is in Summerland ... but there is chaos and darkness surrounding her. She is in Summerland, but she can't cross over yet.
What's Summerland?
So Jameson heard Summerlin ...
The power of suggestion.
Hey, I heard you guys are having trouble with the Julian Harper case.
Ecklie. He's putting me on it.
She a hooker?
How about you guys just shut up, all right? I'm doing this as a favor for Ecklie. It's a one-time thing. He's still interviewing lab techs.
I'm taking one for the team.
Well, I found Tally's epithelials on the inside, which is no surprise, since she was wearing them. 
I also found black cotton fibers on the outside -- highest concentration near the crotch. Insert joke here. 
Padding. BCP, breath control play.
Couples increase their partner's pleasure through strangulation. And if you're not careful, it leaves marks.
You have any idea where this came from?
You know, wait a second ... I think I've seen that guy before. It's Dollar. He's a rapper.
Interframe artifacts. It's a still frame from a video.
I did a search on Dollar. His real name is Jessie Cleveland. Vegas street kid made good, first CD went platinum. Brass is contacting his managers. Here he is.
I doubt it.
So when I went online, I found the usual things ... websites, photos, and this ...
Video was mirrored on a dozen rap sites. It's all over the Net.
Biggie and Tupac?
Yeah.
Open 24 hours. 
It's cheap.
A dead lawyer and two hundred eyewitnesses -- it's going to take awhile.
It's tradition.
I'm with Vince Vaughn on this one. Dozens of horny, single women with access to an open bar and coupling on their mind.
We haven't even gone back to the lab yet, and we're already on TV.
The stones on these guys -- to take her out at her son's wedding?
Dude, where's your car?
It was a big scene. I threw tons of stuff into the back of your truck. Figured I'd just sort it out later. Print lifts, swabs, my camera.
Did you get anything from it?
Did you get a number?
He was kidding about the diapers, right?
So punctured and bobbled?
I might know what happened.
A dame was dead, but enough about her. The air was hot and heavy with wrong, making me thirsty. Thirsty for a tall drink of water. 
That's when I saw her -- a flower -- but not the kind you pin on a lapel. She was long-stemmed.
And those weren't just miracle bras. They were creating four wonders of the world.
I'm Greg Sanders, with the Crime Lab. I need to take your prints.
You don't seem to be very upset about what happened.
Numbing the pain?
So you're not a fan?
I'm getting there. 
Okay, ladies, let's slow it down. When was the last time you saw Diane?
So I headed behind the pink curtain, where the girls go to get glossy. 
A little shine here, a little pouf there. A little ... 
Hmm. Well, I don't exactly know what that was, but I liked the feel. 
Marriage was looking like a lucrative endeavor. And that's when I saw it. 
Just a few drops. 
I figured the blood could have been incidental - a nosebleed, shaving accident. 
But, what if, high as a kite on a slipped mickey, ... 
... she slips-- and BAM! - Straight to the back of the skull. The arrow was four-sided. It would leave a diamond-shaped wound.
They match. 
Don't know yet.
In your car.
I did.
Uh-oh! Looks like we had some bride's little helper going on. Diazepam.
Just filled. Rx calls for six ten-milligram pills.
Two left.
Jill gets some pills to calm herself, decides to calm her mother-in-law instead, and make everybody happy.
That could have been what they used to transport her from point to point B.
We could compare them to the buccal swabs we collected ... if we still had them.
All two hundred of them?
Unis found it in a dumpster behind Mikey Shoemaker's body shop.
Well, they didn't find any biological evidence, and he probably hocked the cameras, but at least I've been reunited with love's deadly arrow.
Well, negative Nelly, I know that, and you know that, but the suspects might not. We have to convince them that we know what happened.
We're close. Can you put the UV filter on the camera?
I didn't, until I processed it. But I was thinking this statue punctured her in the back of the head, which means one of three things might have happened.
Either she was stabbed by it ...
Or she accidentally fell on it.
Which leaves us with option number three: She was pushed.
Something that left good ridge detail. 
She's in the system?
Of course she was.
Which means the bride didn't do it because as a nurse, she'd also be in the system.
Well, she knew where the pills were. She had access to the suite, so maybe Jill didn't poison mom, Valerie did.
What's the trace?
Lacey said that she went to fix her hair.
We think that each of the bridesmaids is responsible for killing her. Not individually, but working in cahoots. Each one played their part.
Valerie kindly gets mom a drink.
Then during her toast, Diane starts to feel the effects.
By Mikey's toast, she decides that she's toast.
Lacey overhears Diane's paranoid, yet correct ramblings and eventually follows her out. 
Leaving her incapacitated but not dead.
Grissom? 
This couple look familiar?
When did you see them?
They were in an accident? How bad?
According to the DMV, of the 12 Ferrari F-360 Spyders registered in Vegas, only three are red. Two of them are privately owned, and a rental company has the third. And since the vic owns a Toyota in LA and Heidi Wolff drives a beetle ... 
Looks like paint transfer on the left rear quarter. Clear coat's been peeled front-to-back.
Looks like the interior's been cleaned. I'll call auto transport and have them tow it back to the lot.
Grissom? Hodges confirmed the paint transfer on the Ferrari is a black acrylic enamel.
Well, it gets better. It's a GM paint, with traces of fiberglass-reinforced plastic. Which means, we're looking for a black Corvette.
Mick Sheridan the movie producer? I grew up watching his action blockbusters -car chases, ninjas, cyborg death machines. We used to make body armor out of tinfoil, and re-enact the scene all over the neighborhood. What about you? You were a green beret kid? Secret agent?
Parking enforcement found it abandoned off Durango near Russell.
Yup.
Yeah. Bummer.
So you want me to lie?
Red paint transfer.
I'll get a sample to Hodges. See if he can match this to the Ferrari.
Extravagant Automobiles?
Yeah, night to be in the car-rental business. 
Well, hush money or not, you have to admit that whole fantasy night thing was a pretty cool gift from a very generous boss.
Why, yes, Sara, I do.
Eh, that was last year.
You know, I'd settle for a birthday breakfast.
That's the vic's desk. He was getting a promotion.
Looks like the gun's been wiped clean.  Doubt we'll get any prints.
Two went back with the body, three ... still in the walls.
Looks about right.
I sure would have.
I wouldn't want his luck either way.
That's right around the time Janice Cutler was killed.
It's right near her house. Is this your cab?
Mind if I take a look?
You need to check this out.
Is that the guy who called himself Sammy?
Yeah.
That's the gun.
Just kidding. He, uh, went to get something to eat. Brass just went into surgery. 
You two have known each other for a long time.
Just between you and me, does he always wear a suit? Like when you guys go to dinner, the movies or whatever it is you do when you hang out. 'Cause I got to tell you, thought of him in a sweater kind of freaks me out. 
No kidding.  I just assumed ...
Hey. Back stairs. And, uh, you might want to hug the wall.
Whew! Did you ever hear of Odor Eaters? Never mind.
Well, I'll try to get 'em back to you before your next shift, okay? Uh, one more question: Did either of you guys move the body?
Thanks!
Where did you hear about the coroner's findings?
A role model, huh?
Over the past few years, corporations have begun embedding their insignia into the stationery for security purposes.
There it is.
VIN plate on the burned-out car came back to a Vivian Bentley. She died two years ago at the ripe old age of 90. Car was never re-registered.
Not exactly. I also found a melted name tag with a sunburst logo. Figured I'd let my fingers do the walking.
I knew the first three letters. By the way, do you know how many companies in Las Vegas start with S-U-N?
Well, only one has the sunburst logo: Sunview Travel Agency. Vivian's grandson, Ty Bentley, works there. I pulled his DMV photo.
Brass is going to check it out. How are we doing on the other IDs?
Hey, I lifted a partial off that tire iron. Matched it to a print that Nick lifted off the funnel from the bunker. Whoever whacked Diamond mixed the ketamine cocktail.
If you're not gonna clean it up ... why take the bodies?
I'll take outside.
Sheriff Brackett ... did your deputies drive anything up here with a hitch?
I got an odd-sized tread here.
As opposed to now?
Whoa! The McBrides must have a broken meter. Even if they left every light on day and night, it wouldn't add up to $2,000.
Maybe Brass can check it out.
Do I get a gold star?
Is it the bodies?
Sweet Mary Jane. The emerald city. 
It's a ganja graveyard.
Yeah, but they were only interested in the dried stuff.
Don't you guys think it's weird that the McBrides did all this with two kids in the house?
I'm not finding any blood in here. Besides, four bodies would never fit inside this car. You know, maybe, the pot was stolen after the fact. Crime of opportunity?
Someone went to the ATM at 10:03 Friday night. Right in the window of the murders.
I found this exact kind of gum in the driveway at the McBrides'.
Nicely done.
Yeah, so how does that end up a quadruple murder?
You feeling a little homesick there?
No.
That looks like the plant material I found in the McBrides' driveway.
My dad used to take me sailing when I was a kid. Do you know what the inboard end of an anchor rope is called? The bitter end.
The test fire bullet matches the evidence bullet.
You run the serial number?
Thanks.
You sell it?
What's your paralegal's name?
You still keep in touch with her?
All right, well, thanks, Mr. McWane.
He claims he gave you his gun several years back.
It was recently used in a homicide.
So, the gun's no longer in your possession?
Do you remember who you lost it to?
Can you tell me anything about the guy who won the gun?
Cy, short for, uh, cyclops?
Thanks for your help.
It was lost in a poker game.
No, but he has a large mole between his eyes and his nickname's Cy.
Okay.
And what do I get to do? Go back to the lab and wait for a phone call?
That's got to be, like, a mile? Who's with me?
Awesome.
Grissom! Am I on overtime? 
Did everyone else go home?
Well, I finished about ten blocks so far. That's 98 cartridge cases. Let's see, double-L, 86, that's, uh, 38 bullet impacts.
I've got like three or four hours more work left. Can I have some help?
How'd you know that hubcap was connected to the case?
No, really. 
You know, you scare me sometimes. It's kind of freaky. You ever bet on the ponies?
He said skid marks. 
I got to the end of my road.
Well, the suspect started shooting near the intersection of Jefferson and Desert Springs. That's nearly 20 blocks north of the crime scene. All ammo evidence was 7.62-millimeter casings and bullets.
Not one out of 233 items. But cops don't get to shoot car-to-car, only bad guys do, right?
Who keeps their gun in a clay pot?
Doesn't he bug you?
I'm ready on this end. 
Uh ... good height. Move it six inches to the left.
Oh, no, no. My left.
A little more. Little more.  Right there. 
I went shopping. Bought every brand of hot dog for sale in Las Vegas.
You mean the lab's not going to reimburse me?
Well, I couldn't identify the chatter teeth logo, so I figured I could physically match one of these to the one found in the victim's stomach, you know? Maybe comparing that twisty thing at the end.
Fine -- guess I'll just eat hot dogs for the rest of the year.
Well, I can tell when you're quoting something.  Who said it?
Mm.
Now there's over 50 major brands.
Well, hopefully I find a wiener.
Cirque du Soleil has cameras all over that theatre. They use them for performance review. I went through all the feeds the Cirque guys sent over, and I have to tell you, Siegfried &amp; Roy's disappearing elephant no longer impresses me.
Yup, 11-D. Artists' entrance. Girl has the same kind of dress and hair color as the vic. As far as I can see, they managed to stay hidden backstage for most of the performance.
The guy left alone, same way they came in, just before the show ended. I tried to make out a face, but there's not much detail here. However, look at this. Check this out.
I think it's a purse.
If we find it, it might get us an ID.
Wow, busy night. Any details?
Was the current on when you found the body?
Maybe he was high. Passes out and falls in?
Kind of tough to drown in three inches of water.
But the machine's off at night, and it was off when they found the body.
Which means someone turned it off after he was dead.
Unappetizing place to get your rocks off.
You got something?
LVPD said they'll provide me with an attorney.
Well, are you gonna give me a raise? Because otherwise I can't afford that.
How's the union lawyer gonna be any different? 
Three weeks from tomorrow.
Your vic's name is Veronica Sorensen, age 17. Last reported in Victorville.
Yeah, yeah. She's a ...
Yeah. Parents reported her missing. PD's already made the notifications. So, what's the verdict on this Keppler guy? What? You're usually pretty quick to size people up.
Registration's expired. Want to bet she's not insured?
Oh, that's a good neighborhood. Well, this used to be a nice car. Maybe she traded in her old lifestyle to ride the H train.
I ran Monique Carter's phone records. Someone made a dozen calls from her cell yesterday.
Yeah, and we recovered her phone from her apartment, so someone was yakking while she was lying dead on the floor dead.
Manager said he saw a guy driving.
She was a lawyer. Suspended for failure to pay her Bar Association dues.
Or you think you're too smart to get addicted.
What, have you guys been listening to Hodges?
We see that all the time. I don't think it's a coincidence.
Why would she do that?
Well, at least we know where it is.
Reverse forensics?
How could you think that we wouldn't figure it out? It's kind of what we do.
Three calls were made from Monique's cell phone to Simon's strip club after she died.
He was using her phone to do business, thinking it was safe.
Oh, yeah, the last call was made to his wife's cell.
There was a lot of gasoline over here.  Which explains this V-pattern.
Accelerant, a second point of origin. Most likely arson.
They use umbrellas and broomsticks for that, too?
Why leave the kidneys, the heart and the liver? They're worth big money, too.
COD?
Oh, it got postponed. So I did a little follow-up on tissue procurement companies in the area. Turns out there's only two in the state. One is out in Summerlin. It's called Longevity Tissue Services. Check this out.
Yeah. It's the Chinese character for long life.
Still no answer on his cell.
He's near Henderson.  What's he doing there?
Guilty guy. Try tracking his cell. PD-issued phones have GPS, too.
Hey, Sara, I heard we got another miniature. Is that true?
No kidding?
SOP. Snail mail, email, bank accounts, police records, Google. All I got was he's a widower. Received his wife's Social Security benefits.
Finally rescheduled my deposition for the civil suit.
You know, Demitrius James's family is suing the city for 3.5 million.
There's no record of a son, but it sure looks like it.
Did you get the boy's name?
Hey, Sara, check this out. I was digging through Mannleigh Chicken's employee health insurance records ... 
Izzy Delancy's animal rights PSA forced the company to clean up its act in all departments. Anyway, Ernie Dell had one dependent listed: a son.
Yeah, the man loved his trains. Lionel changed his name to Mitchell Douglas after he turned eighteen, and get this. He did time in a halfway house after getting busted for fentanyl.
Grissom, we may have caught a break on Barbara Tallman. She did pro bono work at Lionel Dell's halfway house.
Wish I had one of these back in high school.
No. No, a love shack. Back seat of my car got real old, real fast. I was getting so much play my senior year, I seriously considered getting a hearse.
Well, I don't think they were working out. Looks like what started out as a good time went bad.
I'm not seeing any evidence of other people. It's possible that the basketball player snapped, killed the cheerleader, took her body and drove off.
He starts out the big romantic ...
And that's when things went south.
She pushes him off, makes a run for it. But he realizes that an attempted rape charge might crash a Duke scholarship, so he chases her down and bashes her head in.
It doesn't.
You take out the basketball player. Grab her, take her somewhere more private.
Accident debris. Broken turn signal light. Lots of pieces of grille for a physical match. Shoes match the description of the sneakers Megan Cooper was wearing last night.
So far, the only blood I found was on the shoes.
Yeah. In the equipment shed.
Danger? It looks like lipstick.
Handheld camera. There's a light in the room. Someone opened the door. There's got to be more than one person yanking his chain.
Maybe both.
Sheila.
You been up there yet?
What did you find?
She's wearing socks.
Means one of them must have been in here at some point.
I don't think this was her room.
Looks like the bindings were cut from the sheets.
It takes at least a few minutes to cut up a sheet.
So he was with Cammie when Jenn tried to escape.
He must have gone to the bathroom, cleaned off the knife, then dragged Jenn down the hallway to kill her.
Wendy swabbed the ligatures cut from the sheet for epithelials. Each knot had one DNA source on it--female, but not from the victim who was tied up.
It was all Wendy.
$2.5 million? That's like saying I'm the guilty one.
So they did throw me under the bus.
It's the law. Even in limos.
Open champagne bottle. White powder residue. I'll guess coke.
Party till you drop.
This neighborhood rains lead.
We're going to make Bobby Dawson's boat payment this month.
You're not helping, Hodges.
Looks like a .38, maybe a .357.
Fifty AE casings came back clean on IBIS, but Ballistics was able to pull type and caliber from the copper jacket fragments inside the limo. 
Yeah. Blood on the seats suggests that the victim was sitting here, on the left, with Drops somewhere to the right.
Yeah, it's just hard to say which one. The crash tossed everything all over the place. And it's basically one big mess now.
Big one's consistent with the .50.
Well, based on the beveling, these shots were fired from opposite directions.
Someone inside the limo had a gun.
Really? What about Drops?
There's got to be something on the rolled-up hundred.
But no coke in the driver or the passengers? That doesn't make any sense.
I would like you to run this for me, please.
Yep.
Thank you.
Yeah, and?
So a sibling match?
One guy decided not to run away.
He picked up a rock and started coming at me with it.
We also found evidence of Aaron James inside the limo.
It's DNA, along with traces of cocaine on a rolled-up $100 bill.
I'm just trying to do my job.
We still don't have a murder weapon. Aaron James could be destroying evidence right now.
There's nothing wrong with my work.
Oh, procedure.
Well, I'm still off the case. Besides, I just happened to be listening, and I heard Aaron say that he didn't kick the girl out of the limo.
Well, bruises get more distinguished as a body decomposes, so just see if there's anything we missed.
Mrs. James, I don't have anything against you or your family.
What do I owe you?
I'll tell you what I know: I know that Demitrius was a killer. And Aaron -- Aaron made the decision to hang out with Drops. He made the decision to do drugs, and to bring that girl into the limo. That's not on me. It's on him, and you.
Yeah.
I don't know. I just, uh ... you think it's wrong?
I can't believe you're leaving Izzy Delancy's death scene. Groupies are already starting to gather.
So the aging rocker bit it in the kitchen with the marble rolling pin?
I looked into the key that Izzy swallowed. Turns out that Bumblebee is a safe company. Sofia asked Madeline about it. She says she knew that there was a safe in the house but didn't know where it was -- my kind of marriage.
Right. So if robbery was the motive for murder and Izzy swallowed the key to keep something hidden, maybe whatever is in that safe will lead us to who.
Oh, I dug deep.
Sounds like motive to me.
Yeah.
`All right. Thanks. I'm on it.
Have any of you guys seen Grissom?
Kiss my ass. I'd like to see you crawl around in a dumpster determining the difference between blood and marinara sauce with six mobster goons giving you the stink eye.
What are you guys doing?  You know, forget it. I don't even care. I need to go take a shower. Would one of you please call Janitorial and have them clean my Denali?
Oh, and, uh, we think the killer might have threw up in the alley. Full panel. Enjoy.
All right. Open up, please.
No shellfish yet, but plenty of used condoms, as well as antifungal powder, vaginal lubricant, hair balls, toenail clippings, hemorrhoid cream and lice-killing shampoo. Somehow, the whole brothel mystique is wearing thin.
I thought these girls were supposed to be drug-free.
Yeah. That's why it was stuffed inside of a tampon applicator.
You know, I kind of feel bad for these girls.
Okay.
We went to Connors' ranch because a week ago, Chyna De Vere went missing. She just separated from her husband, got her own place.
This is a large section of her living room carpet -- wet to the touch, pheno confirmed a blood pool.
There were also traces of perchloroethylene, phosphates, alcohol, ethers and sodium hypocholorite.
Yeah, we checked all the local places that rent them. Connors' name didn't come up.
Nope. And he's still missing.
That is a single, distinct blood drop -- not from the victim, not from the husband. They didn't clean the whole carpet. Unknown female. We also found soil trace, identified as scheelite, a tungsten ore. Apparently, Connors' ranch is near old tungsten mines by McCade.
Oh, he's in kind of a club with the victim's husband.
Hi, Ms. Turner. My name's Greg Sanders; I'm with the Crime Lab. I have a warrant to take a sample of your DNA.
Well, ma'am, this is standard procedure.
I'm just going to swab the inside of ...
Let's try this again.
That bitch bit me.
I got my sample.
No. I am on antibiotics, I had a tetanus shot-- I'm having a pretty bad year.
I got that gel ready for you.
Voila!
Yeah, and a mounted human head, a suicidal pig farmer, a missing husband, and a bunch of UFO believers. What could be next?
Let's try this again.
Got a warrant to tow in Clarissa Niles' car.
Blue fluorescence is one of the properties of scheelite.
And Preston beamed down in the same area.
Naw. I was just about to.
Yeah, it's a recurrent theme in tales of alien abduction. I practically grew up on ‘The X-Files.'
That's not all he left.
Steam cleaner. Just what every estranged husband needs to clean up his dead wife's blood.
Hey. So, that steam cleaner was completely wiped down, couldn't find any prints. But then I remembered this story about a CSI down in LA. Nobody could find any prints on a gas can from an arson, but he realized that you got to grip it underneath in order to pour out the gas. And you know what? He broke the case.
I just got an AFIS hit: Preston De Vere.
It wasn't a reptilian conspiracy, but it was a conspiracy.
These files are out of control. Typos, white-outs, names missing, whole sections missing.
Ernie Dell's foster child. Donna Catalani. Lived with the Dells for a year. Her CASA report came with a supplemental. They forgot to black out her social security number.
We can use that to track her down, unless the adoptives changed it.
Why can't Days keep anybody?
The doll's still alive. That means Sara's still alive.
Give me the first six.
Okay, I got it. 
A 2007 red Mustang totaled outside The Trip Wire Bar six weeks ago. Driver fatality. DWI. Car went to scrap. Lead CSI on the case -- Sara Sidle.
Eagle Scout. I didn't earn a chestful of merit badges for nothing.
You see anything interesting up there?
She was hot.
It's a no-brainer. I guess that makes me the search party.
It's hard to crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
Don't think she'll be needing it, but ... I found her cell phone. 
Today was my first jury trial. 
Well, maybe I just don't want the day to end.
So good the prosecutor took me to dinner.
Yeah, she was icing.  I was just happy to finally see a case from the crime scene to the courtroom. We freakin' buried the guy. It was bad ass. I dropped the hammer ... he was squirming in his chair.
Five different patterns.
So did this work boot.
I wore Doc Martens in high school. It was the style.
Yeah, they kind of ruined it for everyone.
Sure looks like hate to me.
Thank you.
Related to the earlier 415s?
All right. Who's my wingman?
Primary.  Nice.
Control, control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help.
Okay, I got an assault in progress one alley south of Casino Central Drive, cross street Shane.
Multiple suspects. Could be the guys who've been doing it all night.
I don't know. I don't know. Ma'am, please, listen. You got to get here quicker than this.
Move!
Get out of here!
Sara ... 
I can't ... but I know that Sidle scent.
I scratched one of them.
And you should check my vest. I think the same guy s-spit on me. 
And one of their cars crashed into the Denali. I guarantee there's transfer on it. 
You should process the scene now. Me later.
Grissom.
Well, at least I can see now. The guy they beat up ... how is he?
What about the other guy? The guy I hit.
Is he, like, a gangbanger or something?
He gonna be okay?
Mmph.
They still think I'm in the lab.
When I was in high school ... I never played any sports. No football, no basketball. Definitely no hockey.
Well, it wasn't by choice. My mom wanted four kids. Ended up with only one. She always made sure I stayed close. If I got a nosebleed, she'd take me to the ER.
My mom's gonna freak.
Hey. How you doing?
You're welcome. 
I'll look you up.
The Big Hombre?
Excuse me, Father. Is that blood on your jacket?
If you're gonna say mass later, you have to change anyway, right?
Respectfully, Father, a woman's been murdered in your church and your clothes have blood on them. You're lucky you're not under arrest.
Hi.
Yeah, I was starting to get a serious case of trucker butt so I told Grissom that I wanted to, uh, get back out with the team.
Yeah.
All right.
Hey, I found these in his office. Positive for blood on the right sole.
Well, Big Hombre, it looks like you're going to the hoosegow.
Hey.
I talked with the neighbors. A Mrs. Hamilton says she walked her dogs around 6:00 last night. She saw Carl watering his outside plants. He was alone. She also said that after dark, everyone locks up their doors, and the kids stay inside.
Right.
What do you got?
Full shoe impression on the concrete.
Treads lead toward the street. Could've been a neighbor.
Yeah. I found it melted to the floorboard.
Lucky for us.
A gas container. As the heat melted the plastic, it formed pockets, trapping the gasoline inside.
And if Hodges can isolate any unique compounds from the gas, you know, like, gas DNA.
I know that, Grissom. What I've extracted was never exposed directly to the fire. So, if we can identify either a dye, or a unique compound, and match to a particular station, then we might be able to prove whether Carl set the fire.
I'll get this to Hodges.
Hey, got some gasoline samples for you.
Well, Carl Fisher lives in the neighborhood, but, so far, his alibi checks out.
Who knows, he might have tried. I collected these from service stations closest to his house.
That he might have filled up on his way to work or anywhere else in Vegas? Yes -- that's why I wanted to get you started on these before I hit the other stations on the list.
Sanders?
The gas DNA panned out.
Yeah. Hodges and I traced the gas back to a service station near Fisher's house. Station had security cameras. Got him filling up the night of the fire, so I went through the electronic receipts. All of them. Carl Fisher purchased 16 gallons.
His Mercury Marquis only holds 14, so, where did he put the extra two gallons?
All which he paid for with his ATM.
Not the same as cash.
Control, Control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help.
Ma'am, please, they gotta get here quicker than this.
Why is Trueblood letting her do this?
Now you tell me.
Nichols was right. This isn't a trial, it's a circus. 
I feel like I should say something.
I don't know. 
I just want to be able to sleep again.
I do.
Control, Control, this is CSI Sanders. I need some help. 
I don't know, I don't know. Ma'am, please, listen. They gotta get here quicker than this.
I thought I'd try to break up the mob. I turned into the alley, hit the horn, yelled, anything.
Not entirely. One guy decided not to run away. Instead, he turned around, picked up a rock ... and moved like he was going to finish off the victim. But he turned and started coming at me with it.
Yes.
No.
I thought that he could make me his next target. I thought he wanted to kill me. No matter what, I knew that I had to incapacitate him.
No. I wish he hadn't come at me. I wish that he had just run away.
I don't think so.
Yes.
I ... wasn't on shift, and I only had ...
Alcohol wasn't ... a factor. ADA Ulrich insisted on ordering the wine. I drank half a glass. About six ounces. At my weight, 150, that would give me a blood-alcohol content of .02%. Even without food, the alcohol burn-off rate would be .015% per hour ... meaning that there was no alcohol in my bloodstream after ninety minutes, well before I reported for my shift and about ... seven hours before the incident.
It's okay. I think they may have it right.
Hey, boss, unless you need me for something, I'm gonna take off.
I'm glad you think so.
Hey, Grissom said you might need some help.
What?
Well, I guess the inquest was the easy part. Now the kid's family wants to sue me. Know any good lawyers?
Sure.
My favorite part of any bedroom search.
Well, apparently, love can't cure all that ails. Alprazolam, clonazepam, diazepam and sertraline -- all in her medicine cabinet.
Yeah. 
Thanks.
News on our case ...
How did you know?
You mean the flash drive was a transformer?
Okay. So what?
The front-page news was actually a composite?
The only thing standing between Jake and the rest of his career was the truth.
Guess this is more like his crash pad between foreign assignments.
Steal it, scrub it and lose it.
Well, this is more like what we need.
Hey, Warrick. Didn't Nick's case have a blue thigh high stocking?
Well, with two gunshots to the chest, Jill's twin sister was a bloody mess.
Checkmate?
Mickey Dunn's ride. Well, I guess it looked better in the '70s.
Look at this. Thirty years of toxins, pesticides, heavy metal ... maybe some decomp.
You know, in ‘Kicks and Kisses,' Lois O'Neill wrote a whole chapter about Mickey Dunn.
No ... no, that was Tony Constantine. Apparently, Mickey wanted to go down in a barrage of bullets, like Sonny in ‘The Godfather.' 
Well, sure, but all the original mobsters were like that: Tony, Mickey Dunn, Sam Braun ...
I wasn't comparing ... or speaking ill of the dead.
Now we know how Dunn-Dunn died.
Love?
You want to help me with a little experiment?
Grab that evidence bag?
Okay, let me see that.
Take this.
No go. 
Okay. Looks like a match to me.
Actually, it is. Thanks.
Johnny D'Angelo's on both lists.
And with the exchange rate, lives like a king, south of the border, for the last thirty years.
Only the discovery was bogus. Turns out the hood ornament pulled from Lake Mead is a fake.
And was missing the original hood ornament.
The motorcycle cop's looking better every minute.
There are two cameras on each level. This eye has the best view of Sara's car.
That gives us a time frame. I'll take care of the tapes.
She went west on Imperial.
To the left. Down there.
That's it! That's the car.
Dispatch said body at a dump.
Whatever bit her must have been at it for a while.
Disposing of animals like this is illegal. Whoever dumped the vic must have known about the site from dumping dogs.
Please stand up.
One pair of woman's shoes, size 7, silver. Swabbed a blood sample from the instep of the right shoe, sent it to DNA. One woman's handbag, also silver.
... one set of keys holding four -- no, five keys --one Mercedes key, one Schlage brass key.
Steve Card was lying when he said he was the only one with the key to the drug cabinet. Elizabeth had one, too.
Got a print.
Threw her that far, he must have been going at least ... 45.  Tiffany Rigdon, 27, local.
Thanks.
Bunch of empty liquor miniatures. Card key from Pike's Gambling Hall.
RO is Cody Latshaw – Elk City, Oklahoma.
Yeah. Boy, he had a hell of a night.
He gets humiliated ...
... hits a pedestrian ...
... he ditches the car, walks a couple of blocks to the arena, joyrides a bull, and then ends up getting stomped to death?
Lot of tools back here.
What have we here?  Some kind of cattle prod?
So not from a human donor?
You know, I think we got the picture.
I think I know what this is for.
At a close range.
Cowboys, cattle rustling, and now a shooting at the dance hall.
According to the marriage bureau, Troy Birkhart and Tiffany Rigdon got their license just before midnight.
How long did he wait?
Yeah, and she was killed at 2:30.
Leave me alone. I have a cold.  So, based on the debris pattern, the victim was driving the car when the blaze started. Swerving all over the road. Probably because he was on fire.
What do you think?
Wow. I bet it reeks in here.
Thank God for stuffy noses.
DA Klein asked Grissom, who asked Catherine, who told me to tell you that we need to figure out if the victim was shot before he got in the car, while he was in the car or after he got out.
Wow, I've got to give her more than that.
Skin on a seat belt buckle. You know, if I got shot and I'm trying to get away, I'm not gonna take the time to put my seat belt on.
So either the shooter kidnaps him and shot him while he was driving ...
Which leaves us with the last scenario. 
Alvarado is a suspect in three cases.
First, he allegedly kills Little Gordo.
Then, the only witness who could identify him is killed. And last, but certainly not least, he allegedly orders Raphael Gomez to blow up his apartment.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Well, gangs don't use paintbrushes.
I checked with Traffic. No reports of any traffic accidents near here. Uh, Holstein's getting an absentee list from the high school.
He say anything about what's happening with Sara?
Not in so many words.
Yeah.
Maybe he's a rabid fan. There were all kinds of high school games last night.
Have you seen this guy before?
Are these the race stats?
You keep record of them?
Could you print out Vincent Bartley's trophy from the last time he was here?
When I was kid, I used to make bombs--little bombs.
Oh. Vinnie Vroom. Won all three of his races. Beat out a guy named Hot Rod.
You got quite a mess here, Rod. Mind if I take a look?
Blood. Looks like things just got a lot hotter for you, Rod.
Yeah, but no visible blood on that one.
Got a worn area on this front bumper. Some brown trace. Same goes for the rear of that one.
Got what looks like ... blood on this wheel well.
This is the victim's cart. Must have been movin' when his head popped off.
We found high velocity blood spatter inside the rear wheel well of the victim's cart, which means he lost his head at high speed.
Well, people's heads just don't fly off for no reason. Well, I mean, maybe we should check the scene for some wires or branches, or something he could've run into.
There were blown-out tire fragments all over the road.
962 foot-pounds of energy.
I love this.
Possible connection?
Hey, maybe we can add robbery to the list.
Wi-Fi card but no laptop.
They have another daughter?
Okay, so it's not just the ringing in my ears.
One girl gets My Little Pony, the other one ends up here. 
No. Why?
.22 handgun. Looks like it could be the murder weapon. You off the clock?
Thanks. How you doing?
A little more every day. Grissom's in the attic. Still.
Wow!  The original plans for the Rampart. Opening day, New Year's Eve, 1964. Half of the hotel tower was still under construction, but Sam decided to have the party anyway. He's got the Midas touch, and help from the boys in Kansas City.
This is the ultimate.
Deal me in.
Bottom of the construction shaft. Wonder if it's Gus the Beauty
Maybe it's Eddie Chang, the Peking Pimp. Caught Dean at the Sands, went out for eggs, never came back.
Nope. Just French cuffs and platinum blondes.
Careful with those. They're like the Dead Sea Scrolls of Las Vegas.
I'm off the clock. You ... uh ... need a hand?
:Not the Peking Pimp. He was only five-two.
Nothing says Mob hit like shot in the chest, thrown down a construction shaft, and tucked in under a concrete blanket.
Then the implosion must have busted up the rest of him.
You know, the showroom had this Wild West Revue with cowboys, and horses, and rifles, a real stagecoach. And Indians who shot flaming arrows that ripped off the dance hall girls' clothes. It ran from the day the Rampart opened until
Oh, sorry, yeah, I kind of got carried away, but look at this-- it's the vic's right hand. He was holding on to something and when they poured the concrete on top of him, it made kind of a fossil.
No, you didn't find one of those.
No.
Hey. It's film. Uh, 35 millimeters used to come in a screw-top metal can like this. Whatever's on it must be important enough for Mr. Bones to hang on to it while taking a header. Later.
It's like finding pictures of Lincoln at Ford's Theatre.
The party was on the rooftop. Bring up that last shot on the roll.
Looks like the casino take on opening day. Everybody got a cut -- the feds, the state -- and something called Fergus.
Well, it looks like Honest Melvin was on the take. Bribing a public official could cost you your gaming license. Maybe our dead guy found out about it and somebody found out about him finding out about it.
Some wisenheimer with extortion on the brain. Maybe a reporter.
Do you remember if he was at the party?
This is great stuff for my book.
Oh, this little piece on Vegas history -- stories that didn't make the papers.
Well, how about if I take you to dinner tonight? A bottle and a bird. We'll talk about the Peking Pimp.
What's up?
Yeah. And the blond always lives.  Aren't you glad it wasn't a movie?
About six hours.
Definitely.
Okay, sure. Um ... Carmen Davis's keys were still in her purse; the car's outside. No cash in the wallet, and the credit cards have been removed and neatly stacked on the table; it appears as though they've been wiped clean. The killer was smart enough not to take anything that could be traced.
Hey, guys. I found an empty jewelry box in the bedroom. Maybe the killer swiped the jewelry in addition to the cash. Easy to fence in this neighborhood.
Nope.
No, just a lot of romance novels, mysteries and women's health.
Hey.
Nope. There's no cameras, only key cards, but according to the residence director, the door's propped open all the time anyway.
Kind of hard to tell the difference between a struggle and a typical college dorm room.
Hmm. X marks the girl. Symbol for a straight edge lifestyle. Abstinence from drugs, tobacco, alcohol ...
... but not s*x.
So, pretty brave for college.
Looks like our vic was in a Goth band. You know, I used to be Goth.
Yeah, the Goth thing was just an act. Chicks dug it.
You act depressed to get chicks, you get depressed chicks.
If you've got a band, you've got a blog.
With the last post a couple hours before she died.
Well, most date rape victims know their assailants, and Kira was an active blogger, so I figured if she was having trouble with anyone, she'd probably talk about it online. Some people just don't value privacy.
Whatever.
Looks like a virtual love triangle to me. My guess isDrummerBoy19 is Marlon.
That could be a threat.
Jordan Rockwell. I guess he values openness, too.
According to Brass, officers at the crash scene suspected that Jordan Rockwell was under the influence, so the hospital ran a tox panel.
Well, if they did, it wasn't in anything we tested. Hodges ran all the water bottles and soda cans we collected from the room -- no GHB in anything.
I think I might be able to help you out there.
I found a Friend Agenda page for Kira and Marlon's band, the Death Crusade.
Well, TDC, as they're called, has quite a solid fan base on campus.
Yeah. Marlon must've been thrilled. 
No kidding.
It appears as though the vic struck the edge of the table.
The evidence on the floor is ... well, evidence. Brown paper bindle must have opened when it fell. Looks like the contents of a woman's purse. And here's the vic's other shoe.
There's an oily residue on the sole.
The evidence appears to lead to an inescapable conclusion. This tragedy might have just simply been the result of an accident in the workplace.
That's a long time. No one reported her screaming or calling out for help.
I know.
There was no blood on her hands at the scene. Unless she was unconscious, she would have at least tried to stop the bleeding.
Do you think it's possible she was dead before she hit the table?
She has an oval, perimortem burn on her wrist.
Yeah, whatever.
Control Sanitation is the only waste company in Vegas. If the garbage man works for them, his prints would be in the system.
I'll go for the fresh air.
Found this .22 in the parking lot near the crash. Check these bullets.
Usually used for shooting small animals, but in some cases they're used on people in place of a silencer. 
Sounds like a professional hit man.
Regal Sanitation was owned by Anthony Pezzulo. I'm studying mob history for my book.
They called Pezzulo Whacko, not so much for his wacky personality as for his love for whacking guys.
Four shots!
Got an IBIS hit off that gun.  Unsolved murder in '93. Victim was found in the desert. His car was found at Pigalle Boulevard, the last place anyone saw him.
