They went away for a ...
Yes.
Well, Marlon -- he didn't really...
Yes.
I'd like to say something ...
Marlon didn't kill Stacy. I did.
And I was wearing this when I did it.
The day the police came to my house and arrested him.
My parents won't let me see him in jail. Bad environment. Marlon didn't put me up to this. He was trying to protect me. It would've been wrong to let him be punished for something I did.
You don't think I could have done it. Neither one of you.
Not if you have the right tools.
If you thought that the evidence was fake, I wouldn't still be in jail.
Aren't you going to ask me why I did it?
I throw off the curve. When I'm in a class, people who usually get A's, suddenly get C's. Stacy was applying to Harvard. She wanted me to dumb myself down. I said no. She didn't like that.
No. I'm used to pranks like that. I get them most every day. But Stacy ... didn't stop there. She had to take it to another level. And she used Scott to do it. 
I was his tutor.
He's on the basketball team. I'm twelve; I'm not allowed to like him, but ... I went anyway.
The pictures were up on my space that night. I got a ton of e-mails.
A prank for a prank. I thought that there'd be a few sparks, that she'd freak out and that'd be it, but the nozzle exploded. Stacy ran ... and fell down the stairs ... and died. 
I tried to cover it up. 
I guess I did.
Look, I don't need a lawyer, and I don't need my parents. I just want to do what's right.
That's deep. Okay. It happened like this: Stacy humiliated me, I wanted revenge.
That's what I said.
No. Why won't you believe me?
He didn't!
No, of course not, that's why I had to use the cart.
The electric cart. The one the landscapers were using. It was just sitting there, right outside the door.
Did you come to say bye?
Of course. He's a totally linear thinker. Most of you guys are. 
Mom, just give us a second.
You were saying?
You're worried how I'm going turn out.
Let me guess. You were a smart kid in school. Maybe you feel we're a little bit alike.
That's what my parents always say, too. The last four months, all they cared about was the effect of the trial on me ... not Marlon. It's been that way ever since I was 14 months old and started spelling words with plastic letters. It's so unfair, and nobody ever sees it. He doesn't deserve to go to jail. If I get convicted, what's the worst-case scenario? I mean, I'll be out in five years with an undergraduate degree. There's no Son of Sam law in Nevada -- that was ruled unconstitutional -- so I'm free to write a book about all this.  The story'll be worth millions. Freaks are always good box office.
When's the last time you had to sit down to be eye-level with a murder suspect who was standing up?
So I've been told. 
I think I am. A lot of people are smart enough to get away with murder. You probably are, too. But you have to be really smart to make people think things happened that never did.
Please don't worry about me. I'm going to be fine.
I didn't kill Stacy. Marlon did.
Marlon didn't kill Stacy. I did. And I was wearing this when I did it.
But you have to be really smart to make people think things happened that never did.
I didn't kill Stacy. Marlon did.
I assume you have a DNA warrant, Sara. Because if you don't, you certainly don't have his consent. Isn't that right, Marlon?
Graduate school. Excuse me. 
Are you sure you'd know if I had? You're welcome to stay. You might learn something. 
Please turn to page 187, the Clausius-Clapeyron equation. Oh, by the way, Professor Costin said it'll be on the exam.
He didn't kill Kira. He cared about her.
I suppose I'm an optimist. College has been a difficult adjustment for Marlon, especially after we lost our parents.
You're not really, though. When will Marlon be able to leave?
At least that's honest. It also seems a little vindictive. 
What's wrong, Sara? You're different than you used to be. You're angry. And a little sad, too. Why?
Marlon, Marlon, it's okay.
I think it was a gum wrapper. It's wrong to litter.
That's a highly unlikely series of events. You don't expect me to confess to something I didn't do?
I think I know why you're so angry, Sara. I did some research. I read about what that serial killer did to you out in the desert, under that car ...
It must've been so terrible being trapped like that all alone. Did your life flash in front of your eyes?
You must've been so sad knowing that you were gonna lose everyone who mattered to you. 
Look, I know how it feels. One moment my parents were alive, and the next they were gone.
My life changed in that moment. All that I have left is Marlon. Why would I do anything to hurt him?
You're the one who's playing games.
Marlon ... don't be sad. She doesn't deserve you.
