My job can get a little mundane sometimes ... not today.
Okay, sure ... anyway, the powder on your victim's nose and lungs is atropine. It's used to dilate pupils, control bladder problems and it can be fatal in large doses.
Belladonna. Also known as 'deadly nightshade.' Most people don't know it grows wild throughout the southwest.
Levels were fairly low. No other drugs detected. So, no. But if she hadn't been shot, it would have made her sick.
Definitely. Why?
Nick, you drew Mr. Chase's blood at the scene. His BAC was .28. That was at 4:00 P.M. And officers drew it again at the station an hour later. It was .22. So he was in the elimination phase. That means, when the victim was tied to the car, his blood alcohol level was even higher. Mr. Chase was blotto. He couldn't have tied his own shoes.
Speaking of downers, Ms. Chase liked her diazepam. Blood levels were somewhere between therapeutic and toxic.
As a toxicology tech, I'd say often those who adamantly oppose the d-train are its most frequent passengers. But, since she is deceased, I was able to get her medical records. No diazepam scrip.
Mr. Party till I drop. His blood alcohol level was .28.
Drunk just gets you in the door. We're also talking cocaine, opiates, barbiturates, methamphetamine, MDMA, THC. Serum was milky white with triglycerides.
Greg ... Becky Lester had a BAL of .18. And I found trace amounts of diazepam.
Hey, I heard the coroner found semen, so I tested for birth control. Estrogen and progesterone levels were spiked.
Actually, I read the report. Maybe I don't want to be a toxicologist my whole life. I mean, you went from DNA to the field, and I guess you're kind of a role model to me.
Yeah. By the way, where do you get your hair cut?
Zolpidem. Popped one when I went to Europe. Six hours sleep, no hangover.
Well, if only one person downed all these, yes, it'd be lethal. But divvied up, no way. Zolpidem's a pretty safe sedative.
Why did the fly, fly?
Hey. It's heroin mixed with cocaine and methamphetamine, which are the same drug components you found in Zamesca's car.
Should I call Sara? It's her case.
Well, I can't leave my evidence out.
Oh ... okay.
There were no drugs or alcohol in the limo driver's system.
Also clean. As was your head shot vic. Club scene's getting really tame these days.
It's positive for cocaine, along with every Benjamin in the country.
Uh, Warrick - Oh.
I'll come back. 
Oh, uh, tox came back. I detected traces of sertraline in the vic's blood. It's a currently popular anti-depressant. She had moderate levels of alcohol, oh, six percent.
But it's not that unusual.
If I had a wife? No.
He had fairly high levels of THC in his blood.
97 nanograms per milliliter.
Isn't that what you were looking for?
Sometimes people are just crazy.
Well, you're persistent, I'll give you that. I tested the remaining marijuana in the paper wrapper. You were right. The joint was dipped.
No. Embalming fluid.
Yeah, but I don't use street names when I don't mean to. No, I mean real, inject-into-a-dead-person embalming fluid, made of formaldehyde, methanol, ethanol, all that bad stuff.
I know government employees aren't eligible for reward money, but I think we should at least get a small percentage.
Possible COD on Elizabeth Rodriguez. Overdose.
In combination, they're used to euthanize animals.
Already put together a list of the buyers in the Las Vegas area.
Oh, my God. No way! 
That is so cool. I can't believe you worked for Repulsion Pictures. 
Hey, let's watch it again.
HPLC found high levels of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid in Kira Dellinger's blood.
Pretty sure. Started to metabolize in her blood and urine when she died. That typically indicates dosing.
You know, some people take GHB recreationally.
