And you're thinking there might be a recoverable print.
Dare to dream.
Hey, Grissom. Your stovepipe ...
Pulled a good thumbprint. Happens sometimes when they load the magazine.
Yellow crumbs?
And you want to know if there's a recoverable print.
What's the bet?
The blood on the screwdriver definitely belongs to your victim. It was incredible how fast he got me back the results. I don't know how he does it.  Now I got to wear this stupid thing all day. 
Do us all a favor and get him out in the field, will you, he's going stir crazy in here.
A palm print.
Not quite. 
Look at the ridges. 
Leather. Killer wore gloves.
Problem is AGIS doesn't play real nice with partials. So here's what I'm going to do. I'll pick eight or nine distinctive features, run those through the system, and examine anything with a 60% or better match.
You trying to discourage me? It's all about interpretation. Knowing what's commonplace, and what's unique.
That's where skill comes in.
You're going to have to sign my time sheet.
Partial from your vic's ankle on the left. Jason Kent on the right.
That's it.
Couldn't be. 'Cause it belongs to another guy. Ten points of commonality. I think I could get a couple of more, not that we need it.
What's the connection?
How did his prints turn up at the scene?
Robert Rubio. Work card. Non-gaming. He's in the hotel business. Rampart. Hey, didn't that other guy work at the ...
Why?
Trash bag? Yeah, love it. 
Hottest thing going for plastic. If there's anything to be found, my machine'll find it.
Make my night; love to compete with the Feds. You and me need to catch up. How's Lindsey?
Lucky for her she got your smarts, not Eddie's.
Mm-hmm. Putting you up first. You owe me a beer.
Sorry about the no print results on the Mathers' case.
It's only partial but I've got a hit off less.
You got to wonder when a guy gives it up this easily. Prints, DNA, his car ... 
Or maybe he didn't do it.
His prints don't match the partial on the Debbie Reston trash bag.
Hmm. Ink pads make for great exemplars.
Good characteristics here.
Match to the door handle.
And a match to the knife.
Oh, we'll know soon enough.
Got a match.
Manny Senteno's prints are all over the room, including the champagne bottle and one of the glasses.
Hotel room door, inside knob. And the murder weapon.
Well, maybe he swapped fluids with someone else. There was a third set of prints. I ran it through AFIS. Got a hit on a cop. Another one.
You never make it easy, do you?
You responded to my page in under 45 seconds. Gotta be a record.
Extremely probative. Grissom lifted a print off a beer bottle Catherine found in Rachel Lyford's trash. Print matches your suspect.
Let him try to deny the print.
Mm-hmm.
Hit on your fingerprint from the Palermo.
Nope, George Craven. Ex-con. Record for domestic violence.
Got four work card hits from the motorcoach.
Dana Simmons, ... 
... Lane Kelly,
... and your vic, Lisa Schumacher.
Please tell me you're kidding.
Prints from the dash and the rearview mirror were a match to the partial that we got off the trash bag Debby Reston was found in two years ago. Same guy, but still no hits from AFIS.
Nothing comical about them. Look at this. Double-D cups, tiny waists, bondage. Dehumanization.
I'm all for visual stimulation, but these images are about domination, not s*x.
