Ms. Willows. Chief Deputy D.A. Jeffrey Sinclair.
It is. Joshua Winston. The dead infant.
How long was the baby left inside the car?
Okay. And what time does Paul Winston start work?
Hour and a half. Come on. I got a three year old at home and I've left him inside in a covered garage with groceries two minutes tops. But two hours in this heat?
You know, cases like these almost never see the inside of a court room, but this one will.
Yeah, jail time. I want him behind bars so the next time a parent steps away from their vehicle in triple degree heat, they check the backseat before they lock the door.
Look, I need you guys to thoroughly document this case. I don't want any more surprises in court. So, from the car to the kid, just try to cross your T's and dot your I's, okay?
I need you to answer the same questions I asked you at the first trial.
And I need you to answer them honestly, just as you did back then. On December 20, 1999, you responded to a call at 2028 Boulder Highway. Is that correct?
Can you describe the crime scene?
Exhibit A. Do you recognize this object?
Where did you find it?
Now, are you certain that this wrench was used to kill the victim?
What, if anything, did you find on the handle?
What else did you find at the store?
Dr. Grissom. Exhibit B. Do you recognize this?
Did you find this matchbook at the scene?
Dr. Grissom, just so we can be clear, this is the matchbook that you found at the crime scene. Is that correct?
Um ... prosecution requests a ten-minute recess.
So, you wanna tell me what this is all about? Grissom, the defendant was found guilty at his first trial. The only reason we're back in court is because his new lawyer convinced some appellate judge the original jury instructions were faulty. This has nothing to do with the evidence.
So?
The evidence seal isn't broken. If the print's there now, it was there before.
Are you sure? 
You know, when the defense hears about this, they are going to call every other piece of evidence into question. I don't need to tell you what that means.
Grissom, Judge Witherspoon wants me in her chambers first thing in the morning. 
Word has it you've reopened the entire case. An unexamined hair and an unidentified print on the murder weapon? Grissom, did we make a mistake and arrest the wrong guy?
