Playa, look, Dawg, you know what I'm saying, I got stacks of cash in the back, man, I got jewelry, I got black American Express cards. I got whatever you want, man, take it all, Dawg.
I like to take it ... 
This ain't right, Dawg.
You got it, Dawg.
Where we at, man?
Man, is you crazy? Look what I got on. I got all these people around here, the press. Man, let me know when we get to the hospital, man.
My prints? The hell you want my prints for? I'm the guy that was forced to wear the bikini, remember? I was in a trunk. I was in two trunks.
Man, there's posters of me all over town. Got a record coming out.
Where'd you get that?
Yeah, right. Go ahead, take my prints.
Man, I left the Sean John party, swerving. Big bubble butt on one hand, bottle in the other. Went back to the room and I passed out before I could even get my lay on. When I woke up, I had a gun and a video camera shoved in my face. Y'all know where that ended up. Next thing I know, I'm in my luggage with a fat-ass lip.
I don't know. He had on a mask.
Man, I was so blunted and liquored up, I have no idea. Yo. Listen, man, y'all find out who did this for me, like, I'm telling you, like, I'll take care of you. I'll give you a whole new closet full of suits. Like, whatever you want. Like, you'll be popping tags for over a year. Like, you'll be the freshest cops on the street, I swear to God.
Man, why wouldn't they? I've been dealing with beef like this my entire life, you dig? I bought my first bulletproof vest when I was fifteen years old, and I wore it to school. Them putting me in that bikini, man, that poster ain't nothing, man. I'm lucky to be alive.
I don't know, man. I did some guest spots on the little Chicks Gone Nutz video. You know, the girls flash their thing things. Dudes just jealous, man. I dodge haters for a living. I got more enemies than some countries got people.
It'll be a long list.
Hey, yo, yo, yo, make sure you tell him about that crazy new suit line we got coming out. 
Now what?
Get them up here.
