We're going to examine the death of Demetrius James. The Assistant District Attorney Valerie Nichols will present the facts in the case, introduce the witnesses and ask them questions. Any member of the jury may also ask questions, either orally or in writing. I understand that there are family members of the deceased present. 
I'm very sorry for your loss, and I want you to know that as what the State calls interested parties, you may ask questions, too. When all the facts have been presented, the jury will then rule the death in question as either justifiable, excusable or criminal. 
While I appreciate your participation in the process here, I don't find this question relevant.
Do you have a question, sir?
Relevance is at my discretion here. Now, please, take your seat.
Go ahead.
Sir, I've warned you.
Mrs. James' comments give context to the events of the night in question. I'd like to hear what she has to say.
Marla and Aaron James are not sworn witnesses. If they were, they couldn't be in the courtroom during testimony and that would effectively take away their rights as interested parties to question witnesses. So please try to remember that their remarks are not evidence. Go ahead.
In the cause now pending before this court, do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth?
Be seated.
Ms. Nichols. The man has a right to speak.
Mr. Sanders ... aren't you leaving something out?
You testified at a criminal trial earlier that day, didn't you?
ADA Ulrich must've been pleased with your testimony. She took you to dinner at the Tillerman. I'm looking at a copy of her credit card receipt. How was the sea bass? And the bottle of Pinot Grigio Santa Margherita 2005. How was that?
Mr. Sanders, I'm sure the jury's wondering, if you hadn't been drinking before going to work, would Demitrius James still be alive?
I understand the jury has reached a verdict?
As I've emphasized during my campaign, the public deserves the truth about any death at the hands of law enforcement.
