Let me guess -- three police officers looking for respite from having to control and dominate our big, bad city?
Another happy customer. 
Now, would you prefer individual sessions or would you like to enjoy each other's submission?
You don't have to decide now. Please, make yourselves comfortable and welcome to Lady Heather's Dominion.
Never lost one of my girls.
What you see and what I feel are two different things.
It's when I don't hear screams that I start to worry.
Knowing Mona, every couple of hours. She enjoyed her work. 
Captain Brass, surely you don't think sexual contact is the only means of fulfillment.
Her last client was at 11:00. She would have left at midnight.
Would that get you excited?
Mona worked the pool house. Give me a minute, I'll have to move some clients around.
Does all this fascinate you?
And you think what goes on here is aberrant?
Every job has it's peculiar hazards. Rock stars damage their ear drums. Football players ruin their knees. In this business, it's scars. But no one who works for me has ever sustained a serious injury.
Not because she worked here that's your assumption. What happens here isn't about violence. It's about challenging preconceived notions of victorian normalcy. Bringing people's fantasies to life. Making them real and acceptable. 
It's people who don't come to places like this that I worry about. The ones who don't have an outlet. Say ... someone like yourself.
And your s*x life?
In my experience, Mr. Grissom, some men go to the theater ... some men are the theater. Either way, what I offer is a chance for submission or control, whichever's required. Sometimes a client doesn't know what he wants until I show him.
I bet he'd have enjoyed himself here.
That can't be. Mona was Dominant with her clients. 
Does that one interest you?
Anything from last night would be in here. Masks, the usual accouterment.
Not necessary. I want to help.
Go ahead, ask. How can I do this for a living?
Ten grand.
Okay, twenty.
s*x pays a lot better than death.
It's like I always tell my daughter ...
Eighteen this month; freshman at Harvard.
Oh, that's a great age.
When I thought Zoe was ready to hear it, I told her, Honey, there are a lot of things you can give a man -- your body, your time, even your heart. But the one thing you can never, ever, ever let go of is your power.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I think you've got everything it takes to make a great Dominatrix.
Well, you should. It's just about knowing yourself, being strong and not taking any crap from powerful jerks who are used to giving it all day long.
So, how do you survive?
I like a bit of civility before dark ... when all the needy little boys show up.
A DNA sample? I have several clients in law enforcement. X-X or X-Y?
Not the wife, but I have seen the husband.
It's obvious. Look at the way he's clenching her hand with both of his and leaning toward her. And see how she's twisting away presenting herself to the wealthy alpha male? She's insensitive; he insecure. That's a setup for matrimony, not passion. She wants the dominant male to choose her so she can stop being dominant.
You want to be my boss?
Oh, I'm sure of that.
I can read anyone who walks through this door and know their desires. Sometimes even before they do. Why do you think I selected china and table linens?
Or maybe I knew you'd like them. Same way I know you enjoy most of the superficial trappings of civilization.
Only because you try not to be. You spend your life uncovering what goes beneath the surface of civility and acceptable behavior. So it's a release for you to indulge in something like high tea when it seems, if only for a moment, the world really is civilized.
The most telling thing about anyone is what scares them. And I know what you fear more than anything, Mr. Grissom.
Being known. You can't accept that I might know what you really desire, because that would mean that I know you. Something, for whatever reason, you spend your entire life making sure no one else does.
More tea?
Mr. Grissom, Captain Brass,
So nice to see you again.
I see you haven't changed, either.
They're both on my payroll. Hard workers, quite skilled.
They'll be missed.
Accusation?
I profit from the theatrics of pleasure, allowing people to play out their fantasies. Trey and Croix were independent contractors.
My dominion is also my domain. Ladyheather.com.
Not p0rn. Voyeurism in a Brave New World.
Well ... if his credit card were valid, he could say anything he wanted at $3.95 per minute.
Do you like my lipstick?
You've been staring at my lips.
See you soon.
Steven McCormick wanted his wife to have a session. It's not uncommon. When a client achieves liberation, they often want their spouse to share that feeling. Though in this particular instance I advised the husband to pursue avenues more suited to the temperament of his marriage.
That's a matter of public record.
The fault lay not in his wife, but in himself. Steven believed his wife was repressed, but once she opened up ... 
You may.
Steven came to me three years ago in a state of confusion. I helped him clarify his need for dominance.
You will control her only as well as you can read her.
Now read.
Our work enabled him to marry.
Unfortunately, the language we speak in here doesn't necessarily translate to the world out there.
Very good, Mr. Grissom.
You're a good listener.
So this is work?
.... you watch my lips. Are you losing your hearing?
Your sense of self?
Do you?
So can you.
... or a ritual to put us at ease. Or how about in custom and ceremony, are innocence and beauty born.
Or our morning.
Please.
Thank you.
I'm diabetic.
Mm-hmm. 
Used to mean injections. I changed to a pressure syringe.
Mm-hmm, a few weeks ago. Oh, it's a fascinating instrument; would you like to see it?
I think I just heard you say stop.
I could help you, Mr. Brass ... with your inadequacy.
Mr. Grissom collected samples of my insulin. He's undoubtedly identified it as non-synthetic.
Which, I take it, matches the insulin found in the two victims.
Which narrows the field down even further.
My personal area is open. Anyone could've walked right in and stolen from me. 
I'm disappointed in you. But not surprised. 
You fear me ... because I've committed the one unforgivable act.
I know you. And I know that in your heart, you don't believe I did this.
Of course you would. Say the magic word.
That would be Chloe.
Chloe Samms. She uses it as a garrote -- a way to control her breathing to heighten the experience for the dominant client.
Believe so.
She quit yesterday.
Apologies are just words.
Fine.
For reasons I think we both understand, I would appreciate some level of anonymity.
Thank you, Captain Brass.
What happened to her?
May I touch her?
This required skill ... and the infliction of pain. Did you shave her head?
Can you tell if she's ever given birth?
She always wore her grandmother's ring on her right hand.  Did you find it?
But you need to ask me some questions.
She dropped out of school about a year ago. I didn't even know she was in town.
No.
What difference does it make now?
Not that I know of. 
Where was she found?
Just out in the middle of nowhere?
I have to go.
He's not home.
No.
Breaking and entering.
Yes.
Multiple reasons.
You told me Zoe was having tests done at Betz. I found out who oversaw the tests -- Mr. Wolfowitz. He lives close to where you found Zoe. If I'm caught stealing, he may want the police to investigate.
I'd have to ask myself what kind of person would do that.
Precisely.
It's one of the earliest illustrations of the Romulus and Remus myth. It's printed from a plate. Must be worth thousands.
Well, it looks like a page from a book. I find that people who don't respect books have a general disregard for keeping things whole.
I think a pencil pusher in a pharmaceutical lab couldn't afford it.
Too many coincidences.
You forfeited the right to give me advice some time ago. But thank you.
I think I might be able to help you.
You would have liked Zoe. She was a lot like you. Thoughtful, pragmatic, patient. She was studying psychology. I appreciate that it would have been difficult to have someone like me as a mother. But if I stressed anything, it was empowerment and independence. So when she called me from Boston last year to tell me that she was pregnant with her therapist's baby, I got angry. Not with her, with him. He violated an oath. Not only was he married, she was a patient. A junior in college with her whole life in front of her.
I called the AMA, filed a complaint. They revoked his license. Zoe stopped speaking to me.
Your coroner couldn't confirm. I assumed you might need a DNA sample from Mr. Wolfowitz.
The rage was stronger than the repulsion. People have used s*x for much less worthy causes.
Last night. You may not approve, Grissom, but you can't arrest me for sleeping with him. He was consenting. I am playing by your rules. But if I had it my way, this man would die the same way, my daughter died.
What?
That's not possible.
No. Let me finish.
No! Let go! Let ... !
Please ...
Please ...
You're late.
I was planning an Old West party. I was checking out the facilities.
It was my normal business hours.
I know the owner.
Mr. Oakley. I have his number, but not on me. You'll have to look it up.
Can I say no?
Not necessary.
I don't respond well to men who judge me based solely on my profession.
Grissom.
Are you here in a professional capacity?
Maybe not to you. I feel exposed. The last time you saw me ...
That's not all I lost that night.
No! Let me finish.
I'm not.
This isn't a good time.
My memory isn't any better than it was yesterday. I'm not up to it.
I don't understand.
You may come in.
I was here.
Captain Brass would like to know where I was last night.
You think I paid someone to kill Porter and then used Grissom as my alibi?
He did some work for me. I helped him get the job at Oakley's.
I needed to locate someone.
Does that sound like a man who wants to hurt me, Captain Brass?
I already told you I was there on business. Mr. Porter had nothing to do with it.
When the submissive accepts they're in control, that's when they embrace their true power. They can say stop. They can choose to either end the pain or continue enduring it. But ... higher consciousness doesn't negate our animal instinct to survive.
She's all I have left of Zoe. 
Can you tell if she's ever given birth?
I hired someone to find her. I can't give her love, but I can give her the freedom to be who she wants to be.
