What was he doing out here?
So what do we have on the pickup truck?
Does doing all that you can
Suppose it would've been easier if we'd walked in And found a laparoscope. Hmm.
We have blood.
All right, Mr. Hughes, Eduardo Gomez died in your operating room.
And are you licensed To practice in the United States?
Yes, I do.
Mark twain referred to golf As a good walk spoiled.
No, but these things aren't exactly race cars.
I believe he's the son's caddy.
Danny shot 61.
There is nothing unusual about any of his clubs.
Hodges, you want to know what we're doing?
Since we know where he crashed...
When I told the company rep what we were doing,
He was mad as hell and he wasn't gonna take it anymore.
Definitely.
Somehow, I doubt it, Unless his initials are cia.
One canoe missing, one paddle missing.
Halliday beat us here.
Larry died believing he'd killed his father.
Head of security said he saw her at 10:00 p.M.
The killer might have taken The panties as a souvenir, Which means this wasn't an accident.
We're circling him.
How do you explain that, Mr. Thomas?
Hands blown off, Feet blown off.
Kurtis torse.
Porcupine man.
Instead, you tried to cover it up.
That's the fourth bomb dog in five minutes.
Cops are trained to take cover under fire.
Forced entry.
That cord is from inside the house.
The pawnshop owner I.D'd Ben the morning of his death.
Had a million dollar policy.
Genus: Galeocerdo.
Significant animal predation.
Let's talk about something you enjoyed... your first kill.
Tell us your definition of fun.
Hey, it's Ray.
Born 1895, died 1963.
Hair.
Doesn't seem to be any hair regrowth.
It would be pretty hard to take someone out of a hotel room against their will without getting caught on camera, right?
Self-control wasn't exercised in Michael's hotel room.
There had to be some kind of altercation.
It's probably all of the above.
You know, there's a creature in the Philippines called an aswang.
What does it say in the Good Book, Nick?
The yellow contact lens puts Kurt Francis in Michael Wilson's hotel room.
When you were swinging that Axe at Michael's head again and again, his blood seeped onto the handle of the Axe, and your ring left behind an unusual pattern.
CSIs are searching your hotel room right now.
Hey, isn't that Margot Wilton.
Footprint, handprint, followed by handprint, footprint.
So we have a possible male, slight build, medium height, physically fit, younger rather than older.
Some old... some new.
Yeah.
Car insurance.
No fear tactics, Mayor Goodman.
You see the scars?
