Come off it. The car's not even registered to him.
He's a generous guy.
You want to talk out the gun your captain pulled on my client -- an unarmed man? That's got P.D. brutality written all over it.
Let's go.
My client went there after the fact. He was looking for his girlfriend -- didn't find her.
Mickey, you have the right to an attorney. But if you're not hiding anything I suggest you answer their questions.
Do you see the man who killed your father in this courtroom?
Max ...
I'm advising you not to say another word.
Max, that is enough.
Let's make a deal.
My client agreed to talk to you, not be harassed by you.
You're fishing.
That's it, we're done here.
My client has agreed to plead to possession and answer any questions. Nothing she tells you can be interpreted as criminal intent ...
Wait a minute. I haven't seen these.
Yeah.
I see the pictures. I hear the theories. Still doesn't make my client a murderer.
This is harassment.
Testimony from Mickey D.? Hearsay from a gangbanger?
You can't prove any of this. You have no evidence that places my client at the scene.
We'll contest this on the grounds that your request to the Judge was based on a specious connection to the Snakebacks.
A burn mark? Could have happened anywhere.
The most you're going to prove is my client was in the vicinity. Period. That's it.
If it matches.
Laroi Steele's death was a tragedy not a murder.
My client has no comment at this time. Mr. Braun is looking forward to putting this whole unfortunate business behind him.
Gentlemen ... we're here as a courtesy, so if you're quite through wasting our time, I think that the doctor would like to get back to the business of saving lives.
Do you have any other evidence?
That's not admissible in court.
Thank you for your time and your theories, but you said it yourself: You don't have a case.  Doctor.
Kid falling asleep in a car on the way to his grandma's house? You guys won't even make it through the courthouse door.
That's irrelevant.
Until we see the test results, we're withholding comment.
He's not answering that.
He didn't hire two killers. He only hired me.
My client was with his son all day that day.
It's in there.
Doug, let me handle this. If the DA had sufficient evidence to file murder charges, he would have.
Doug, Doug, would you be quiet?
My client is landscaping her backyard with her boyfriend. Explains her prints on his shovel. 
Which explains the absence of his prints.
Raina ... 
I read the court order. Uh, you found trace amounts of some ointment on the roller coaster tracks? Is that the only reason for this conversation?
Unless you want to argue that my client stood on her head and held a wrench in her toes, we're done here.
Circumstantial evidence at best.
Don't answer that.
As much as my client appreciates your flair for the dramatic, the show's over, gentlemen. What do you have?
As well as every other limo in Vegas.
The whole town's a construction site. It's a tenuous link, at best.
My client offered the young man a ride home. They stopped briefly at the neon graveyard, where they held a private conversation regarding the ethics of defrauding a casino.
The young man returned the money as a sign of respect for my client and his position in the community.
What is this about?
Adam, I ...
Uh, do you have any evidence at all that refutes my client's account, or suggests otherwise?
I spoke to both the bartender at the Highball and the cab company, and a cab was ordered and drove the victim home.
Did you have a warrant for that tape?
I'd like to advise my client. Careful how you answer that, son. This man here's slicker than a snake in the curly green grass.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's confidential business 'tween me and this here buckaroo.
I'd like to advise my client. Careful how you answer that, son. This man here's slicker than a snake in the curly green grass.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's confidential business 'tween me and this here buckaroo.
The evidence is circumstantial at best.
You think the D.A. is going to try two people for the same crime?
Keith ... I never thought that they would convict an innocent man. So ... I kept quiet.
There. My client denies the pipe is hers, denies any drug use, doesn't know the victim and has no prior relationship to Miss O'Neill. There's nothing to discuss.
Coincidences don't make a homicide.
No one has established that my client had a gun.
It's in your best interests not to ...
What are my client's options?
Mr. Contranos has no interest in speaking to you.
He's prepared to do his time.
That is tragic, but it has nothing to do with my client.
My client has already explained that.
Who died in prison eight years ago. 
The DNA at the motel -- was it my client's?
Then why is he still in custody?
Six years ago, I was an alcoholic and a crackhead. This man pulled me out of the gutter and saved my life. My firm is doing this pro bono. I guarantee he will not do another day in jail.
He has no knowledge of the deaths or of Amy Macalino's current whereabouts.
We've answered your questions.
He's right about that. If you're not charging him with anything ...
Fine. We'll make bail. You'll be out of here in six hours.
