Lockwood, Homicide. DFO's in the back.
Stan Grevey, 35. Backup sax player. One of the waitresses found him.
Nope. Just pronounced, that's it.
No, not a word just said he reminded her of Coltrane.
She was just coming on shift. She came through me. Already cleared her.
It's too late for that.
Western LVU ornithology student. Saw turkey vultures. Got curious.
Frenchman airfield -- it's an old landing strip hasn't been used since the '60s.
Yeah, but in the middle of nowhere?
Welcome to pre-game. Every gear-banger in Clark County all with the same question -- What are you running under there?
It's not so much when it's where; racing locations are always in play. Once the call comes in the street will empty out in seconds.
Only when it rains.
You know this cat? Jace Felder.
Found Jace Felder's car.
Yeah, we were lucky. It was right under our noses. Uniform found it out on Gibson road. Tent sale. The, uh, VIN number was scratched off but I ran the firewall. Came back Jace Felder.
Uh, some guy named Steven Masters. Well, make him an offer.
Hey, guys. I got a name on that third-party check signed over to Michelangelo. Tony Del Nagro. 8824 Sandy Creek Road.
Driver! Cut the engine and throw the keys out the window.
Driver! Cut the engine and throw the keys out the window!
Driver ...
Death: The cheapest show in Vegas.
Only in Vegas.
Alex James, age 42. Found his wallet in the glove compartment. SUV is registered to him. No previous record. How was he able to drive?
The victim was traveling west on flamingo. The Desert Palm isn't too far from here. I guess he was en route to the hospital.
Hey, fellas, you're never going to guess what I found under the seat. A .38 special.
Las Vegas police. I have a warrant. I'll clear the back.
Hey, fellas, take a look at this.
Our man Alex James is quite the land owner. According to the mining laws of 1872, public land can still be paten for five dollars an acre -- a law which is still in effect. That's all this guy did was buy and sell publicly-owned, government land. Funny thing is, there was one mine that he sold over and over again.
Now, there lies the mystery.
Joe McPherson. Local.
No one knows. He's been missing for 48 hours.
Yeah. Gas company shut off the valve at the street. Paramedics aired out the scene.
Vanessa Arnz. She's in the master bedroom next to the son's room.
Mr. Arnz has been stabilized. They're preparing him for transport.
Do you remember anything else?
Now, the two most common causes of accidental household CO poisonings are: unvented space heaters and improperly maintained chimneys. I don't see any heaters.
My dad's a fireman. Last Christmas, he gave all the kids C.O. Detectors.
If the gas company hadn't shut off the gas, whatever that is probably would have burned up.
Unless the chimney isn't doing its job.
This is Death Valley, huh?
That may have been the idea.
Helicopter tour pilot noted it and called it in.
Is that bird crap?
I'll notify the parents.
National Park Service found her. She was beyond our perimeter. We had no reason to believe that there were more bodies. They're looking for any others.
Hey, girl's library card matched a missing persons report filed today: Jill Frommer. Mom's coming in to I.D. The body.
Toby Wellstone ... he lived with you as a foster kid about five years ago?
And you did.
Mom's credit card showed a suit purchase in the young men's department at JC Penney's.
Ma'am, we have a warrant to search the premises.
You have dinner yet? SARA: Yeah. Why? LOCKWOOD: You might be seeing it again. 
Mandy Kirk. Seventeen.
Senior. Janitor found her.
Maybe a wild animal? They picked up a mountain lion last week in Henderson.
Well, each cheerleader is assigned a soccer player.  She's his bunny. Gives him gifts the night before the big game places his wake-up call.
Yeah, that's what I asked the principal but he said no. He said that, uh it's all good, clean fun.  Gifts are inspirational videos like, uh, Rocky and wake-up calls are pep talks, nothing more.
Yeah, well, victim Mandy was soccer bunny to a Chuck Darwell. And when I called him on his cell this morning he said that he hooked up with Mandy after every game except last night. 
Said he hadn't seen her last night.
Hospital. Got rushed there two minutes ago.
Whoever killed Amanda Kirk ingested her organs, Mr. Darwell. Left teeth marks.
Is that stomach contents?
Anything he throws up no longer belongs to him. PD, public domain.
You would on PCP.
You and Mandy were on the soccer field. You were cranked up. SARA: Do you remember anything?
Nicole Exmoor, 18. School nurse said she couldn't stop throwing up. Teacher found her passed out in the locker room.
Said that she ate something that didn't agree with her.
Ms. Sidle can make an impression of your teeth or you can help yourself and explain what happened.
I'm placing you under arrest for the murder of Amanda Kirk.
That's up to the D.A.
