Nobody knew he was coming, Conrad. Nobody knew his name.
Well, if you'd stop talking for a minute, you'd understand.
The investigation's been compromised. Lives are at risk.
How many people do the right thing anymore? Have a conscience? Don Cook didn't even know what he saw.
El Matocho doesn't kill for the thrill or because he was abused as a child.
He kills because it's his answer to everything.
I had him eyewitnessed. It was enough for an indictment. No indictment, no trial. He goes free and La Tijera gets stronger. So don't patronize me by saying this might be an accident.
I'm not asking you for advice here, I'm telling you: I want Grissom.
Maybe the reception sucks out here.
I said I want Grissom. Say I asked for him personally.
I don't want anyone touching anything. Thanks for all your help, guys.
Case is reassigned to Grissom.
Yeah, I heard all about it from Ecklie. Blah, blah, blah. The point that he and you seem to be missing is that I have 18 grand jurists sifting through evidence, trying to help me indict one of the deadliest gangs this city has ever ...
I am.  For God's sake.
Madeleine Klein, Deputy DA.
This is on us.
Where is he?
Yeah. Yeah, well, I'd like to phone it in, too. I left an AA meeting for this. That trumps walking pneumonia.
Here you go, eyes-and-ears.
Boy, you look like hell. I need sugar. You got a soda?
Six months' worth of investigation; two months working with the grand jury; five low-level indictments against the LATs. Why you? 
Oh, right. Your team. Warrick Brown got mixed up with a crooked judge. Sanders ran down a civilian while on duty. Ms. Willows lied about being at a crime scene, among other things. 
And who can forget Stokes, your straight arrow? Suspected of killing his hooker girlfriend.  How does the song go? You call me up, I get 'em out of it? If it weren't for me, you'd have no team.
Sorry. You have a ... ?
This was recorded two weeks ago. This guy had no idea that what he saw was the key to bringing down La Tijera and their leader, El Matocho.
LAT carved into the cheek of the victim is the signature of El Matocho, La Tijera's number one.
He killed gang leader, Little Gordo, but he was a ghost--no face, no name.
Until Don Cook ID'd Emilio Alvarado coming out of Little Gordo's house around the time of the murder.
Turns out Alvarado was caught up in a gang sweep day after the murder. Parole violation. He got 30 days. PD thought he was just another lowlife. Due to be released in 52 hours. Can't indict Alvarado with a dead witness. We need to prove conspiracy.
How long do you think it'll take you to bone up on these and put a suit on?
One at a time, Miss Leahy.
Until Dr. Grissom can corroborate Mr. Cook's testimony, I can't tell you the content.
CSI found La Tijera's tag painted on the car's rear bumper.
Alvarado's set to be released in just over 24 hours. If he gets out ... we lose him forever.
You saw the video. Cook placed Alvarado at the house at the time of the murder.
Hopefully, he didn't have time to do his laundry.
They will be, Your Honor.
Hey, little man with the big mouth. It doesn't matter what you say, 'cause all your boys are going to hear is that you rolled on Alvarado.
Just bought yourself another ten years. I'm going to hand-pick your cell mate.
That kid wouldn't roll if I gave him a night with Jessica Alba.
That's why I'm unlisted, divorced and carry a gun.
Yeah, I always take my secret witnesses on a bus tour of the
I went to Little Gordo's. 
Damn it. Good job, Maddy. They saw me. I can't even blame it on the booze. All they had to do was trail me back to the courthouse and watch me go into the security entrance with 18 escorted jurors. That's how they knew grand jury. Damn it!
This is where you're supposed to say, It's okay. It could happen to anyone. It's not your fault Don Cook is dead.
Like hell it isn't.
Well, I was right about Alvarado: he was leaving Vegas. Otherwise, he would have killed me himself.
Yeah. Guess now, I owe you one, huh?
You know what, Gilbert? You're the only man I know who's never let me down. Which means that you're either a classic enabler or my soul mate.
