Well, all three prints from the chimney are consistent with each other. I compared them to the homeowner's prints and his son's prints; the work card's in the system. There's no match. I'm running the print through I-AFIS.
There's not a match to the chimney prints, not a match to either Sidley. There's no hits on I-AFIS. I'm sorry.
At least you got yourself a match for the chimney prints -- a Jonathan Wax, from Henderson, served four years for attempted rape and he was released six months ago.
You're welcome.
Twelve-year-old killer, huh?
I bet that grand theft auto had something to do with it.
Never know. Between you and me, I actually think it's a ton of fun.
Print is a match to a Scott Baird. Isn't that the victim's boyfriend?
I paged Greg. I don't know where he is.
There's too many prints and there's too many hits. I need some help. Can you talk to Ecklie, please?
I ran those per Greg ... per you. All the prints belonged to the victim except for two. Both of which were a match to a Reese Bingham. His work card's in the system.
Still working on those prints from the occult shop. Thank you for talking to Ecklie. He sent me some help.
This is LVPD. It's not going to be in the AFIS criminal database. I'm going to have to do a manual comparison. It's going to take longer. Is he a suspect?
Sir?
You said you wanted the print results as soon as I got them?
I tried to run Wallace's ten card, but the finger rolls were too sloppy. So I used the latents from the crime scene against the AFIS civil database, knowing he'd be in there, 'cause he used to be a cop.
Yeah, I got two. Uh, Wallace's prints were on the inside of the door handle.
No. They were another cop. A ... retired Detective Patrick Jameson.
Yeah. Found a few on the table, then there were a few more on the broken jars that were found behind the counter.
Prints are a match to a bridesmaid, Lacey Finn.
Yeah, she was a cocktail waitress for a short time.
And I pulled the prints off of this pill bottle, but I didn't find a match.
Correct. However, I did find something. Look at the prescribing doctor on that label. I was cross-checking with the guest list, and guess who the good doctor's wife is. Mrs. Valerie Whitehall. She's also a bridesmaid.
A little bonus in the bubbly.
Does it look like I have?  So far, the decedent's prints are everywhere. Got them on liquor bottles, drug paraphernalia, the gun, the dishes. Are you looking for something in particular?
Uh ... I got her prints off of the bedpost, the chair, and a soda can. She didn't touch the booze or pills. Maybe she's in AA.
So I lifted two sets of prints from the wine bottle, but there's no match to any of the victims.
One set was smudges. I'm guessing whoever they belonged to works with their hands. You know, calloused, cut. The other set came back to a Chris Mullins. His work card's in the system. He's a musician at the Legs show where all the girls danced.
Sing it, dude. This is huge.
Okay. I got a hit off of that envelope you found in Amanda's purse. It's a Dora Pomerantz.
Do you wanna know why she's in the system?
