Still working on it, Warrick. I don't work one case a day.
You look terrible.
That doesn't sound like you.
That's virtually untraceable.
Hit man was a ghost.
Make that one thing.
It gets worse. Got a print off your quarter. Ran it through AFIS. Came back your dead man.
Pretty gruesome. 
Was your guy a gambler?
So I've got some good news and mysterious news.
Well, your results are back from the prints on the car. And your vic, Walter Banglor, is top of the list.
You fumed the entire car. What did you expect?
I found some speckles of blue dust in the ridges of Banglor's print. Here. Look it.
Mr. Grissom, the prints are back from Stuart Rampler's mini-recorder.
Not print-- prints.
It's two thumbprints overlapped.
Yeah. Running both prints through AFIS.
How can that be?
Uh, Catherine, can you excuse us for a moment? I need to speak with Mr. Grissom in private.
Well, the top print came back Paul Millander.
It came back you.
Well, if their names are Curt Ritten and Janine Haywood the answer's, no, it's not their prints.
Maybe you have the wrong suspects.
Look, I'm not your beast of burden. Sara, this is your thing.
I'll give you something dandy. Your doggie-door prints. Good-bye, I have to go on a break now.
Come on. Do it. Just cut her throat, and you can walk out of here.
A little bit. A male DB, at the bunker--matched your partial from the kitchen door. So far, he's the only one with a record.
Matthew Dickens, 19. Busts for petty theft.
Yeah, very impressionable. When I start my religion that's where I'm going to recruit.
Oh, James, it's Moneypenny. M needs you back at HQ.
Oh, that's right.
We're mocking you.
Well, we can't leave the lab, we can't talk to suspects. What exactly does Grissom wants us to do?
All right, all right. I'm in.
Motive thought to be s*x?
So?
Will I never marry?
Rock on. I can do an open marriage.
Do what?
Suspects included her ex-junkie nephew, who was living with her, and her drug-dealing neighbor, who was buying prescription meds from her. Obvious motives -- drugs and money.
And why wasn't it left with the body like the other one?
The OCD killer had to match it with his mini, which is why it showed up late.
Wow. Don't bother being discerning.
Um, just refiling some stuff. Uh, G-on-G action. It's not really a big question as to who did it, is it?
Oh ... nice sword. Mm-hmm! I dated a guy on the fencing team. His thighs were incredible.  Did you want to show me something?
Okay.
Should I be talking to you?
Well, no, actually all I got so far are your prints.
Wait, I got something.
Well, let's see if it matches the safe-kit that Holstein brought in. Only have one more kid unaccounted for at that high school.
Why not? It's better to be prepared. Think of it as a cheap insurance policy.
It's just a print card, a cheek swab and a photo.
Mm ... well, there's a match. Your John Doe is Vincent Bartley.
Yeah.
You're welcome.
So I got a hit off of the print on the motel room's Do Not Disturb sign.
Yes, well, don't get too excited because I got another hit off of the telephone-- pedophile-- and I got one off of the dresser—a rapist-- and another one off of the bed frame-- a prostitute, a pimp, and another prostitute.
For felonies, yes. You want misdemeanors, too?
Sara, I've got something really good on that defenestrated college kid.
No, no, no, you're really going to love this. A print on a lube tube matched a print on her windowsill. AFIS got a hit.
Ever think you'd see that guy again?
How are you.
Rack 'em up.
Well, word on campus is, there's a murder game going on.
Come on, please, it's been really slow at Prints all day.
Henry, I need the tox on that lady..um ...
Hen-ry!
Ooh ... Hot ... hot, hot, hot.
So, then, okay, Henry froze to death.
Turns?
So the merry prankster comes back later, sees the joke gone bad, then he just yanks the pin and scrams.
Adrenaline kicks in when he finally realizes that he's dying. So, maybe in the moment of crisis, Henry has the strength of ten men.  Ten small men.
Well, killer's got to eat, too.
Gun guys don't shoot people. People shoot people.
Ooh, wait, no, I can guess what they found in Tox. It was chloroform.
So Henry goes into the cooler to cool off ...
Well, Henry, I hypothetically called your mother and I explained everything.  That woman is a crier.
So Henry didn't inhale it, or smoke it, or snort it?
And it's quite funny.
Who did the deed? Well, taking lab coats off the premises is against regulations. So the PCP would've had to have been applied in the lab, right under our noses.
Fume hoods. There's fume hoods in the garage, and DNA and Trace. 
So we would have to test all the sinks for PCP.
Oh, drat. 
Well, it's not a slow day for me after all. Ecklie wants me to pick up the backlog from swing. Somebody please tell me who dies next. And how. Thank you.
