Aside from the fact that the other woman in this case also known as Tonya is still at large and is still a likely suspect in this murder the evidence Las Vegas CSI did collect the evidence they're using to railroad my client, Tom Haviland, has been completely and irretrievably compromised. I'm holding in my hand compromised, contaminated evidence, ladies and gentlemen. 
CSI should be ashamed; and you, as citizens, should be outraged. This not how we do things in America.
Please state and spell your name for the record.
How can we be confident in your collection if you can't be confident in your own documentation?
You're sure you want to go with that one?
You're telling us the shirt just disappeared?
But we can't verify that now, can we?
Do you still have a gambling habit?
It goes to the character of the witness, your honor.
For the record are you addicted to gambling?
For the record are you addicted to gambling?
Well, it certainly looks posed. 
You date -- You and Hank. You share a subtle communication. Did he move the bra to where you might have wanted it?
You do get emotionally involved, though with the men on your cases. Hank Peddigrew isn't the first time.
A murder investigation at the residence of one Charles Renteria*. Eyewitness stated he saw you and your supervisor Gil Grissom standing alone outside and ... you were touching him in a romantic gesture.
Is that what they're calling it now?
It's a fair question, your honor. Just how far will Ms. Sidle go on the evidence to please her boss, Gil Grissom, whether he returns her attentions or not?
You have a Bachelor of Science from West Las Vegas University, am I right?
And prior to joining CSI, you worked as an exotic dancer?
Took your clothes off for a living.
No doubt, Ms. Willows. Now, you recently failed your yearly proficiency test, didn't you?
Did you treat this footprint evidence the same way? There's the truth and then there's your interpretation?
But you're appealing your test.
Actions speak louder than words.
I have no further questions, your honor. We are through with this witness.
: Unique pattern. By what standard are you basing this match?
By what standard are you basing this
By what standard are you basing this
So, Tom has a scar on his leg. Whoop-de-do. There's no forensic database for scars. It's not a discipline.
Objection. There's no question to the witness here, your honor.
No further questions, your honor.
We'd like a continuance, your honor.
I'd like to make a motion for a bail hearing, your honor.
