Take a look.
Hey, you guys call yourselves investigators? You've been here four hours. You haven't figured this out yet?
Hey, I prefer bio-recovery services.
See, all you really need is a strong stomach, a thorough knowledge of solvents, a little sensitivity, a little tact.  Did you finish the sketch?
Great. Hey, you guys have done everything but leave.
Ah, the wife of the deceased, she would like this mess cleaned up as soon as possible. New tenant moves in on the first.
All right.  Well, I'll get my gear.
You and you. You treat me like a janitor, like a garbage man. I'm a professional, same as you ... an unsung hero that's worthy of respect.
You know exactly what I'm talking about. The smell back at the store. I know decomp as well as you, maybe better, okay? So what was it? Your lunch? Rotten shrimp? Clams, maybe? Whatever you hid there, I am going to find.
You're jealous. You're stuck in a dead-end civil service job while I'm grossing six figures.
We're colleagues. My job starts where your job ends. You should not be messing with me!
The nose knows.
Yeah.
You know, I don't get paid until this place smells like Eternity for Men.
After overhead and costs, fifty cents a pound for waste disposal, I clear about three to five bills a job.
How many cases do you do a week?
Ditto.
You've got to be authorized to clean up biologicals. If some high school wage slave mops up a nose bleed at Mickey D's, they're breaking the law. I've got three employees making thirty bucks an hour. If you guys are interested in earning a little extra on the side?
Crime rate is on the rise, my friends. You'd be wise to get in on the ground floor. I am thinking about starting a franchise in Arizona. Retirees die messy. Like, bodies been on the floor for a while. Sometimes you got to replace the entire floor. Oh, look, I install floors, and drywall.
Ceilings, too, and homeowner's insurance picks up the tab.
It's out of my hands, ma'am. The lab boys, they haven't quite released the scene yet.
They're moving at the speed of government. How are you doing with the funeral arrangements?
We are here for you. Now, I tell you what, I'm going to call you as soon as I'm done, okay?
Thank you, ma'am.
Oh, no. The bereaved often find a southern accent very comforting.
Comfort is what I give these people, living victims. The kind you guys never deal with. I see people on the worst day of their lives. In a small way, I make their world normal again.
Holy mackerel. Bitch in a box.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I get paid by the body.
Hey, did you -- ?
Yeah, from what I hear, she did a lousy job cleaning that bat. Amateur. You know, you guys, you could have waited till after she paid me to arrest her. What did I ever do to you? Oh, except crack your case wide open.
Really?
Thanks. Hey, you think this could mean a nice, fat city contract for me?
Call me. 
