What's on the menu today, Warrick?
Why? You thinking bad cop?
You gonna get that?
Player.
I'll, uh, page you when I get the results.
Have a nice day.
That's it.
No.
Yeah, well, I think he knows it.
Ah, yeah, I actually did find one hair with a root tag still attached, and it's a priority run for me as soon as I get something to compare it to. Sara also collected a bunch of synthetic hairs. I'm thinking doll, wig, maybe fake fur. I sent them over to trace.
Oh, yeah. Just now.  I found blood, epithelials and hair on all of them. There are several DNA sources from everyone but the victim.
Hey.
You asked me to check the blood and urine from the diaper.
Yeah, the blood is a match for Eiger, and the urine had high levels of testosterone, which is indicative of an adult.
Yeah. You know, one other thing. When I was running the urine, I found another spike that I couldn't identify. So I sent it on to Tox.
Some drugs metabolize quickly, so what doesn't show up in the blood, shows up in the urine.
So here's the thing. The milk in the bottles was not bovine. It was human breast milk.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
No, the widow Eiger's DNA was not a match. However, whoever pumped all that milk also wore this.
The epithelials were a match.
It's ... Jean-Paul Sartre. Huis clos.  It loses something in a translation.
The blood from the hairy wad that you found in the drain is consistent with the victim.
That's consistent with the DNA from the first attack. You are looking at the same rapist. I want to show you something.
I read about this phenomenon in a forensic journal ... 
Oui, oui.
So, I processed the DNA from the coffee cup, and it turns out that there were two contributions on the lip, which means that your coffee shop recycles, and not in the good way.
Bad news is that neither of the contributions is consistent with the semen that was recovered from the crime scene. 
I ran the DNA through CODIS and Missing Persons, and I came up empty. But one thing I do know is that one of her markers is out of the control range.
You talk the talk, but did you know the frequency of that anomaly is one in every 250?
Grissom -- hey, it's about your arson victim.
Yeah, well, I got something you don't have. 
This is the standard ladder of alleles that I run against every unknown DNA. And it contains all of the commonly encountered alleles within the population. As you can see, at locus d3 the alleles are 12 through 19.
Right. Now, as you can see on the sample on the bottom, the locus d3 alleles are 15 and 21. 
Right. This is her profile. And this ...
... is the DNA that was extracted from the vaginal contribution to the sheets at the Stewart house.
Hey.
Hmm.
Hmm. What set them off?
What about the hooker?
I am super backed up. Can this wait till tomorrow?
I processed the swabs from the wife who found her husband in the hooker case.
Two contributions.
One was a match to the wife's DNA. The other was from an unknown male. I found the same unknown male contribution on the swabs from the Alice Granger homicide.
They're not. I also matched that unknown male contribution to a rape kit from the day shift.
That's why I raised the alarm. I was able to narrow the time frame to the last 48 hours.
I got a positive result off my negative control. Matched the contamination. Turns out somebody at the manufacturer forgot to put on their mask and then sneezed or coughed on what was supposed to be a sterile product.
Kits. Trucks. Vests. Work stations.
It's on its way. Until then, do it old school.
Hey. Want to talk about semen?
The semen on the vic's doorknob and the neighbor's doorknob is consistent with Trip's DNA. So, what I'm thinking is that Trip put a trophy condom onto his neighbor's door and then transferred a trace of his reproductive material back onto his own doorknob.
Sara, I went to college.
Sara?  I got something off your thumb.
So when you struck out on prints, I ran DNA through CODIS, hoping maybe the guy was in the system off an open case or a prior felony. I got no straight-up match, but ...
Yeah, seven alleles in common, and based on the age, I'd say it was his daughter.
Sara?  I got something off your thumb.
So when you struck out on prints, I ran DNA through CODIS, hoping maybe the guy was in the system off an open case or a prior felony. I got no straight-up match, but ...
Yeah, seven alleles in common, and based on the age, I'd say it was his daughter.
So? Where are the clothes she changed out of? 
Look, I already know you have a running bet with another CSI over how long the new hire lasts, so let's skip it. You got something for DNA?
Exemplar?
Thank you.
The seminal fluid on the boy's underwear matches your pedophile.
You got any friends in uniform?
Okay, look. Megan's law has holes. Police aren't required to notify a community about a predator. So flood his block with flyers detailing his crimes. Trust me, the neighbors won't let him out of their sight.
I don't need help.
I don't eat out.
I don't like expectorant.
Kitchen staff talk while they prepare your food and then the wait staff repeats your order over the plate, and by the time you get your meal, there are several DNA samples coating it.
Yeah. No, thank you. 
I don't eat birthday cake either.
Ugh. Don't get me started.
Helping, uh ... Sara.
The report is still pending, but the blood on the mother's t-shirt matches the blood on the blanket.  Belongs to the victim.
Negative.
Nevertheless ...
I was very thorough.
Yes. And I don't like being watched.
You know, it would have been better if you didn't say anything, but you did making it impossible for me to concentrate, and now I have to sanitize and start over.
Nine vibrators, five plugs, four strands of beads.
I'll swab the nooks and crannies for semen, vaginal secretions and epithelials, but don't get your hopes up.
Twenty-six used condoms.
Sara said you didn't lose your virginity until you were 22.
I've analyzed condoms before, Greg. Just not in bulk.
Skewers?
I couldn't get anything from the items in the dishwasher, including the skewers. No results. However, the condoms produced. I extracted DNA from the semen. Results indicate ten males.
The lubricant, which seemed to be popular, was good at retaining both epithelials and vaginal secretions.
Yes. F-7. We can match her with the semen from four different males.
What are you doing?
Yeah, it was a porcelain crown. Root canal. No viable pulp.
And since bone marrow extraction can be difficult ...
Well, maggots are eating machines. They'll have DNA from the flesh. It's genius.
One maggot colada, coming up.
I double-checked the results. The DNA from the maggots is male.
No, the samples were pure.
Okay, Wendy's mouth had two foreign DNA donors: One seminal, one saliva. Neither was a match for Officer Mann.
Wow. That is some rock. Platinum setting. Princess cut. Somebody really loved her-- oh-- him.
Right. Well ... a diamond that big, you hope she had it lojacked. 
You know, I once heard this story about this man who became a woman because he was obsessed with a lesbian ... who was really a man.
Overshare.
Hey.
Uh, yeah, traces of EDTA.
Yeah. Used in blood-collection vials.
No, it was hers. His?
But no epithelials or fibrinogen, so clearly it wasn't menstrual.
She ... was faking her period.
What I don't get is why she would do that.
Yeah, but you don't draw your own blood. I mean, she had to have help.
Hey, I've been looking for you.
I analyzed the blood on the shoes you gave me. I expected it to be Wendy's blood. It's not hers and it's not Officer Mann's.
One donor. All male.
So, I heard Brass arrested Dr. Lavalle, who is really Dr. Benway?
Which means her DNA is male.
In one of the latex gloves at the storage facility, I found female DNA.
So the doctor had help.
It was Greg's suggestion.
No.
No ... the sample you sent me wasn't human ... so I sent it over to trace. Maybe Hodges can tell you something.
