I love America!
You get to be my age, all kinds of things ring a bell. 
That's a real good-lookin' boy. But as the poet said ... 
It ain't me, babe.
Back from the dead.  You missed a spot.
Just going along.
Could be a dead cop.
Like I told you, you missed a spot. You missed a big spot. I shot a lot of guys point-blank. But this nosy piece of garbage bike cop that you two are so teared-up about ... I shot him from 40 feet away with a soaking-wet revolver. It was one hell of a shot.
The poor dumb b*st*rd didn't know what hit him. 
He thought he'd been trained. They don't prepare you for what I got.
You found the skull had no teeth because I bashed 'em in with the barrel of my gun. 
And all the forensics in the world ain't gonna show you that when I smashed his face in ... I liked it.
Sam Braun's daughter. 
You think that I would ever forget a face? 
That face? 
Meet me outside, 2:00 a.m. sharp.
Ask yourself what force on earth would have kept me from your soft teenage graces. Only one: Daddy.
Sam always said that if I ever touched you, he'd tear me apart.
Bum ticker ... right on time.
Who told you?
You'd like to take it out, have a closer look. Ah, but you can't do that, not without killing me.
You know ... I love 'em.
Does it got a monster in it?
And the legend is born. The end.
Oh, this one does.  It's been huge fun coming back, trying new faces, leading you all around town by the nostrils. Setting up the big discovery.
Going after Kenneth...
I'm Mickey Dunn.
...taking out Mason ...
... and the best part of all, -- 
the look on poor Johnny's face. 
Not the most handsome guy in the world,
but a face worth wearing. And the hardest part? Learning Spanish.  Good times.
Because that tiny piece of metal that Derek shot in my chest has finally moved. Doctors gave me a week, maybe two, to live. Figured I'd go out with a bang, never see the inside of a cell. It's really funny how one little bullet can make things suddenly seem so clear.
Well, I'll still go out a legend. You haven't changed that.
That's impossible.
