Willows?
Sorry I'm late. Got stuck on the Strip.
Sorry. Just ... trying to get a better look at her face.
Catnip.
The way they attract men at that age; it's like catnip.
You have kids?
You must be a hit on career day.
Yeah.
What?
No. Patchy discolorations on the skin. Looks like dehydration.
I'm guessing cotton.
Looks like she's been swabbed down with something that evaporated, maybe alcohol.
Alphabets?
Mm.
Hear you got one of the fastest growing murder rates in the country.
Trenton, born and bred.
How you doing?
Thought I heard something familiar. 
Three distinct locations. Not that it's gonna make much difference. I get the feeling our guy's not the type to track away dirt on his shoes.
So is the pizza really that bad?
No obvious traces of semen?
No visible skin under the fingernails, so she probably didn't fight back.
Maybe he didn't want to mark her up. I mean, look at her. So young. 
Innocent. He wanted to take his time.
He drugged her. We should expand tox to include volatiles and sedative hypnotics. You got something?
Not the kind of girl who goes missing without a report.
What about tox?
Ecstasy. That's it?
You ever see a cat playing with a mouse? Point isn't to kill the mouse, just keep the game going.
No. I just like the metaphor.
Same game every time. Cat goes home, leaves its kill on the doorstep. 
What got our cat's attention this time? Around puberty, most guys fixate on a particular body type that turns them on. Tall, skinny, short, red hair. Whatever floats your boat. It's imprinted. Hard to let go of.
Let's bring up their photographs.
Look at the similarity in the body positions. They look posed, almost as if they were ... waving good-bye.
Any traces of alcohol or cotton swabs?
Sounds like no police work.
Methods evolve. Practice makes perfect.
Well ... she was found in an alley off of Bridger near Fremont Street. Based on the level of decomp, she'd been lying there about two days before they found her. Only thing about this one is, she had her clothes on. Might have been his first.
Isolated contusions on her neck, arms and shoulders. COD listed as heroin overdose.
It's not.
Because I do. This guy pays attention to the details. Knows what he likes; he doesn't mix it up. Thing that gets me is the discipline, though. He's got a habit, but he seems to be able to control it. Only needs to kill once every ten years or so, and when he does, he's got a type. 
And not likely to be missed.
What's the difference?
Mike Keppler.
Yeah, most of these guys tend to operate out of one place. In theory, as the killer gets more and more comfortable with each act, the locations of the bodies should spiral outward from one central point.
What's that?
Smart. The crime center sure seems to move around pretty quickly here, huh?
Sounds refreshing.
I, uh ... I like the noise. It helps me to concentrate.
That was fast.
I take it he wasn't known for his, uh, rigorous analysis?
Well, that's just great.
That's criminal malfeasance.
Ah, right. So what do you got?
It's fractured.
Gum line filling. Silver amalgam.
That's a cheap way to do it. Old school. Nowadays, most dentists use epoxy and other components to make it match the enamel. I worked a mass fatality fire in Philly. Learned a lot about teeth. 
Looks like our guy might be a dentist.
We need you to look carefully at those, ma'am.
Can you tell us who worked on Veronica Sorensen? 
Could you ask him to step out, please? We'd like to speak with him.
Dr. Lowry, we'd like to ask you about one of your patients ... Veronica Sorensen. Is this your work?
Are these your work as well?
Why is that?
I don't know, kind of reminds me of my Uncle Ralph.
Haven't seen him in a while. Who knows?
Pretty distinct impressions of the six upper teeth.
Excuse me.
I think you know what this is about, Dr. Lowry. You're gonna need to come down to the Crime Lab with us.
We've got time.
We could probably match four out of six.
Has to be. It's all we've got.
Would you go to a dentist with bad teeth?
What makes you think he's gonna talk to me?
All right.
Dr. Lowry, I'd like to show you a bite impression that we're using as evidence in the Sorensen case.
Yes. The left front incisor doesn't match, and there's a sizable gap between the two front teeth. But then we found these. 
In late 1989, you had a cosmetic surgery to repair a sizable gap between your two front teeth.
We used the X-rays taken before the procedure to modify your dental model so that it matched the configuration of your teeth in 1989. This is the new overlay.
Wasn't easy, Dr. Lowry. You cover your tracks well.
Jane Doe in 1975, Jane Doe in 1989, and Jane Doe, 1999. Three girls without identities.
You have two daughters, don't you, Dr. Lowry?
I can't imagine that you didn't feel something for these girls at some point. We're just asking you to help us return them to their families.
You might sleep better at night.
So none of this bothers you?
And you don't care how this might affect them?
