Depends on who's asking.
Excuse me?
I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name.
Crime Lab?
It's a flat-roofed structure. Leaks aren't uncommon. Maybe that explains the dry rot.
That would be sheetrock.
When they installed the original drywall they used half-inch and then, when they came back and repaired it, they used quarter of an inch.
Look, Lady, I don't know what it is ...
Sorry.
When they applied the second layer and then they spackled it and they painted it the difference wasn't noticeable.
There's only one District Engineer.
Okay. Look, uh, Catherine, ...
... why don't I write a report and then I'll e-mail it to you. How would that be?
Well, it's just my, uh, expert opinion but I'd say right below us -- in the basement ... the laundry room.
Look, I-I've got guys that are trained to do this. Why don't you let me call them? You're going to go in there, you're going to get that snappy little jumpsuit dirty, and ...
So what?
Hey, I didn't do anything wrong.
You're not married, are you?
Divorced.
Okay. All right. What you see, I'll see but I just want to go on the record. This is a bad idea.
All right. We got a hot feed.
I'll be right here.
Almost. About ten more feet. Uh, then you should be in the laundry room. You should have more headroom, too.
What? What is it?
What is that? A roach?
It is secure. Just hang on. The daily sorties. I think that was an F-16.
About a mile south of here.
You're in the clear.
Okay, look up. You should be able to see the beam now.
All right, connected to the beam running vertically to the concrete foundation are the support columns. Now, in a perfect world, they should be steel but given the age of the building, they might be wood.
Can, uh, can I give you a hand with that?
Well, I flashed my city I.D. And, uh, my smile.
What are we looking for?
May I?
Oh, right. Sorry.  No. No discoloration.
Would you like to know why?
Five years ago, the building was apartment Vietnam. The facility was substandard. The city turned its back on it. The tenants revolted. Blake Neferson, apartment 204 took a sledgehammer to that column. It's public record -- he was arrested.
There wasn't enough damage to cause concern.
What are you doing?
I'm growing on you. Aren't I?
The weight of the building wasn't evenly distributed out to the load-bearing walls by the joists ...
You put the whole thing on vibration isolators.
Are you saying Beethoven brought down the building? 
Now you've lost me.
Of course. Loose nails, bounce in the joists.
So you're pointing the...
So you're pointing the finger at the Air force?
Am I off the hook?
As a matter of fact, yes. 
Could've saved yourself a lot of trouble by not making me a suspect in the first place.
You got my call.
I'm, uh, all for being alone, but ... 
It's in the car. I hope you appreciate that even as district engineer it wasn't easy getting you the original land deed.
Half a million bucks an acre. Is there anything else that you need to use me for?
It's obvious that you're not here for me. You're here for yourself. So let's not waste each other's time, all right? The property was owned jointly by two men -- Jerry Walden and Bruce Skeller. At the time that they bought it, it was a steal -- fifty grand an acre. Two years later, Adventures Development come in, they start buying up the surrounding parcels. Your guys hold out, until last week and let me tell you, they got top dollar.
Well, one of them did. From all I can tell Jerry Walden was selling to Adventures from the get-go but his partner ... well ... was a different deal altogether. He was a diehard environmentalist. A real tree-hugger.
He saw the writing on the wall. The urbanization of Lake Mead and he spent every cent he had trying to fight it. When it comes down to money versus the environment it's no big surprise who's going to win. So is there anything else that I can do for you?
