The Andersons, who own a profitable internet company in Las Vegas, are said to be devastated by the death of little Zachary. As for leads, the police will only say they have widened the investigation to include employees of Steve Anderson's company. Immediate coworkers are being asked to give DNA samples. By all accounts, the employees are complying voluntarily. One of them is quoted as saying anything to help Mr. and Mrs. Anderson in their time of grief.
Tragedy struck early this morning when an on-duty Las Vegas Criminalist was brutally gunned down. 
It was her first night on the job. Victim Holly Gribbs was investigating a robbery/homicide in an apartment on the corner of M.L.K. and Warm Springs.
The crime lab now faces the daunting task of investigating the shooting of one of their own. The wounded C.S.I. has been taken to Desert Palm where she is listed in critical condition. The suspect is still at large. 
Details of the arrest will be forthcoming in this live report. 
Federal Agent Culpepper is about to start his news conference. As we've been reporting, a suspect has been arrested in the strip-strangler case. 
As we first reported yesterday, the remains of an unidentified caucasian female were unearthed in Summercliff. The five foot four inch woman was approximately 20 years old.
Authorities are asking for the public's help in identifying the victim. 
If you have any information please call the Las Vegas P.D. Hotline.
The disappearance of ...
... western Las Vegas university coed Paige Rycoff has police baffled. They're working on several leads. And though investigators are still piecing together ...
The parents of western Las Vegas University freshman, Paige Rycoff. They join us now to discuss their daughter's disappearance. Mrs. Rycoff, did your daughter tell you why she was leaving school?
But why leave mid semester?
A video shot during the first week of school Offers fresh insight into the 18-year-old's personality. We can see that Paige was an average, apparently happy and healthy freshman, looking forward to ...
Wall street Analysts, though, say stocks ... Good investments for the long term.
The Las Vegas District Attorney is reportedly preparing to file homicide charges against Benjamin Corey Jennings in the so-called Burial Murders Case. Jennings has been in police custody for the last ...
...Since he was caught burying the first victim, Oliver Dunne in the national forest.
Detectives and forensics experts are sifting through evidence a this hour, making their case against actor Tom Haviland. We'll recap the story as we wait for a live feed from a downtown news conference with Haviland's attorney. Several witnesses have already spoken to police about Haviland's actions outside the murder ...
When asked about the murder of Kim Hsu a spokesman for Tom Haviland says he sends his condolences to the Hsu family. Certainly, this is an event hat he won't soon forget and neither will the resort where the grisly crime played out. Now it's up to prosecutors ...
