Baby killer!
Gil Grissom!
You found the baby. How hard is it for you to look at Gwen Anderson?
Comments?
Las Vegas Air has issued no formal comment other than to stand by the actions taken by the flight crew. Meanwhile, the first-class passengers from the flight have been released ...
... and no charges will be filed. The airline provided a bus to their Las Vegas destinations. Our request for interviews were denied, leaving the events surrounding the death of Tony Candlewell a mystery.
Tonight there are still many questions looming in the wake of serial killer Nate Haskell's escape from from police custody.
Tom, did you do it?
Tom! Tom!
Tom, did you do it?
There he is! Mr. Braun!
Does this mean your murder case will not be going to trial, Mr. Braun?
Are you and your Representatives in discussion with the District Attorney's office?
Could you elaborate on those discussions?
Do you feel vindicated by the Judge's decision?
Mr. Braun, do you have anything to say at all, sir?
Mr. Braun, could we get a comment?
Mr. Braun, do you have anything to say at all, sir?
Officer Fromansky, if you could smile, please? REPORTER: Thank you; right over here.
Sheriff, how long will it take to find her?
Mr. Eiger had a lot of enemies. Any idea who might have done this?
Ms. Willows, can you confirm that the blue paint killer has claimed another victim?
Ms. Willows, was John Mathers wrongfully convicted?
Did the state execute an innocent man?
You sure this isn't a copycat?! REPORTER: Well, how can you be so sure of that?
Ms. Willows? REPORTER: Ms. Willows!
Do you think there's anything else the police ...
Mr. Sullivan, when was the last time you saw her alive?
Mr. Sullivan, what was your daughter doing in that section of town? You think it was drug-related?
We're flying over Third Street where just this morning police were involved in a deadly shootout.
A police spokesman confirms that department officials are looking into all allegations of brutality and misconduct. Sheriff Burdick could not be reached for comment. Here's what we know so far ...
... This morning with a car chase. The pursuit ended in a shootout at Jefferson and Third Street between heavily armed suspects and police.
This is Channel 8 news ... 
... reporting with an update to yesterday's wild police pursuit and shootout where three suspects and one police officer were killed by gunfire at Third and Jefferson ... 
... Shortly after being taken into custody, Jose Fausto, the last suspect, was gunned down by an unknown ... 
... an officer killed in the cross-fire ... 
This is Captain Brass' second commendation in the line of duty. The first ...
In other news, local Las Vegas police officers are still trying to identify the body of a nude woman found late yesterday evening just off Highway 51 -- 
-- in an area commonly referred as ‘Alphabet' Street. It's a well-known hangout for drug users and prostitutes. However, the police believe that this time -- 
Undersheriff McKeen, is this related to the Zamesca murder?
Right. Right, but his body was found near here -- 
Mr. Dennison, could we have a comment? REPORTER: Is this relating to the ...
Police have confirmed there are a total of six victims in the Green Valley showgirl murders. The names have not yet been released pending individual identification and notification of their families.
According to police sources, there are no suspects at this time. LVPD has asked anyone with any information to call the following hotline number: 702-555-0132.
Again, that number ...
Las Vegas PD has confirmed that David Marlon confessed earlier today to the murders of the six Green Valley showgirls. 
He was found within a block of the crime scene in an apparent suicide attempt. I've just been informed ...
... has confirmed the names of the six victims. They are Cammie ... Libby Cooperson 22, Becca Mayfield, 20 ...
... Lauren Walderson 21 and Emily Wilson, 19. Their families have organized a candlelight vigil that will begin here tonight.
I'm standing across from the Holiday Motel where a brutal beating just occurred a few hours ago. We have the footage which was recorded by an anonymous bystander's cell phone. 
Although the quality is poor, you can see several images assaulting the lone female victim. Anyone living near the strip is being told to stay at home until the assailant is caught. For anyone who has any information, please call 555-0155.
There's an Amber Alert this evening in Clark County for two missing boys.
Mr. Sanders, Mr. Sanders, do you think the verdict was fair? Was your killing Demitrius James excusable? 
They've just issued a severe weather alert for north Las Vegas, so let's go right to Gina for the latest on these thunderstorms.
