So, the guy says it was an accident.
Sorry, cath, no I.D.
Abdomen is distended.
The colon appears punctured.
It's a penetrating wound.
Blown pupil.
Oh, injection mark.
Hey, Ray.
Carrie Jones, our car wash victim, was attacked twice.
Got an id on our cowboy.
Frenulum is torn.
Based on the lack of eruption of the wisdom teeth, I'd estimate she's...
Let's see how much they weigh.
This brain's a hack job.
Could be. There was also an odd abrasion pattern on the victim's cheek.
That's minor.
Sorry.
It's not just the blunt force trauma--
Latent bruising plus the ligature marks suggest, at the very least, rough s*x.
The lungs are soft, hemorrhagic, and the spleen is mushy.
QB's lungs are overinflated, heavy with fluid.
Slight bruising on the edges of the lacerations suggests the weapon wasn't particularly sharp.
Manually strangled.
Leg fell asleep.
I always wondered which one of us coroners would get to carve Tony.
His lifestyle was no secret -- s*x, drugs and a big bankroll. No needle marks on his arms. The guy plays golf; short-sleeved shirts checked between the toes ... groin area. Whatever he did went up his nose.
His nasal cavity looks like raw hamburger.
Or they're pressure marks. For example, if someone places a pillow or object against someone's nose and mouth in the climate of struggle.
Not always. For as much as pathology is an absolute science, it isn't. Vessels can rupture under innocent circumstances such as a violent cough.
No neurotoxins present but that's not to say some overanxious paramedic trying to save a legend's life didn't cause them in the moment.
Then I don't know what they are.
Braun's stomach contents. No food. Plenty of drugs.
And heroin.
Inhaled and ingested.
Got there somehow.
Didn't find any.
My guess, someone mashed up the Xanax, dissolved them in red wine, which I did find.
It wasn't a hundred pills.
Educated, unofficial guess: No more than fifty.
Get a speeding ticket?
Vincent Thomas Avery. I.D.'d him from his prints.
No mystery in cause of death. Gunshot wound to the outer ear.
Left ear at that.
Soot depiction on the skin surrounding the entry wound tells the story.
Bullet entered the external auditory meatus fracturing the skull base. Cracked the hardest bone of the skull.
Hot off the fluoroscope. Haven't had the pleasure yet.
There is your bullet. Deformed projectile in the right side of the calvarium.
You bet.
Something tells me, this isn't filled with white sugar.
I'd say about 50 balloons. Green dye you see here is probably from lime flavored gelatin. Makes them much easier to swallow.
Well, all indications are he was brain-dead from the time he collapsed at the hotel
An artery out-pouches blood floods the subarachnoid space.
Heart still beats, but the brain's dead. And it doesn't regenerate.
Genetic predisposition. Both parents went that way. It increases a person's chance of stroke ten-fold. He looks like an athlete.
I was wondering when you'd ask. Prime donor candidate. Next of kin signed off.
Eight in under two hours.
I deal with cause of death, which was an aneurysm and therefore, a natural, and based on that his body is released to a mortuary.
All may not be lost. Here... body of Robert Fairmont released at 0400 hours to the Desert Haven Mortuary.
Embalming certainly retards the decomposition process.
The liver's degraded but any metal should still be there.
Who'd you like to start with?
Identical body temps and vitreous humor. Both women died approximately 12 hours ago.
All I can tell you is cause of death. Injury to the cervical spine. Looks to be hands-on.
She died instantly. Now, the blond.
Contusion to the forehead, not fatal. Whatever cut her face cut her arm. I found glass in all the incised wounds. Except for these abrasions on her neck.
I swabbed the abrasions for foreign DNA sent it to the lab. 
Severed brachial artery. She bled out.
Sure.
A wildflower and a wallflower.
There's the initial bullet hole. No other leaks. Died from a single gunshot wound to the chest just like the others.
Not likely due to the origin of the facial burn.
True.
The finger was severed postmortem. No hemorrhagic tissue at the point of injury. And they used a serrated blade. Jagged teeth patterns on the bone. Not much else I can tell you. It's just a finger.
Amanda Freeman. 
My guess is, she's been in the water about 24 hours. 
Washerwoman effect. But no saponification.
Mm-hmm.
I found some in her nose and trachea, too. The decomposing body would need time to attract the bugs before submersion. Well, she's been dead 48 hours 24 hours above water, 24 hours under.
Blunt-force trauma. Back of the head.
Look at this.
You'll have to get it under the microscope. My guess is some form of stone. Granite maybe.
Well ... the entry wound tells me the body sustained a projectile.
Uh, but there's no bullet fragments in the tissue and no exit wound.
Bullet wounds usually leave bullet evidence.
There's no evidence of a bullet in this wound tract.
That was my next suggestion.
Something. A metal fragment. It's not like any bullet I've ever seen.
Titanium ... maybe a pin.
Oh, here's the manufacturer's number. I should've bought stock when I first started finding all these medical implants.
Excuse me?
Foreign tissue. Cow. Makes absolutely no sense.
This more of your cross contamination?
On the day you plan to expend a meat bullet? Ahh ... a frozen meat bullet?
Well, I'm ready to watch history.
Bullet-like entry wound. 
The meat disintegrates. Lost in the soft tissue. Hmm.
What took you so long?
Tox screen came up empty except for quinine. Must have had malaria in the past six months. Either that or he's a big gin and tonic drinker. I've ordered up his medical records. If I was this guy I'd have been popping pain pills. Hairline fracture of the ulna bruised kidney, ten stitches off the orbital bone fractured nasal bone, all recent. Healed rib fractures. 
He should have worn a cage. 
I bet he was proud of every last battle scar. What is it about organized sports?
So, uh, what did this guy do in real life?
Competition junkie.
Not me, not anymore.
Foibles of youth.
Not sure.  This cut nicked his carotid. Double-edged, clean blade, hockey skate, uh ... 
Fun continues. Basilar artery also suffered significant trauma. Evidence of blood in the intimal space. Possibly enough to cause syncope.
Well, it could explain why the vic ended up in the bottom of that pile.
W.P.W.: Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. Interferes with the heart's electrical system.
Well, it didn't show during the post, but I looked at the tissue sections in histopath. 
They showed a small defect in the atrium of the heart. 
Not necessarily. You know the quinine I found in his system? Lethal for someone with W.P.W. Big scars didn't do him in. It was the little scar.
All were shot in the third eye, the sixth chakra, vortex of consciousness. I was a gray's anatomy man, until I lost my legs. I started getting phantom pains no drug or exercise could control. I began studying the chakras.
Each has a color and a vibration. 
Muladhara, the root chakra, keeps us in the physical world. Svadisthana, seat of sexual energy. Manipura, melting pot of spiritual and earthly desires. Anahata, the loving heart. Visuddha, where feelings are given expression. Ajna, the third eye. Saharsrara, the crown connecting the mortal human to the timeless universe.
Ajna, the hub of higher consciousness.
Hmm, there's a very good chance your killer's a Buddhist.
Not a drop of ethanol in his system not even from cough syrup.
My guess, hungry. Driver's medical eval taken just last month. Martin Draper, 40.  Overweight. One of 15 million people in this country suffering from Type II Diabetes.
Primary course of treatment would have been exercise and weight loss to lower blood sugar.
But he was dieting.
Crash dieting. Didn't find any food in his stomach. Means he hadn't eaten anything in at least six hours. An empty stomach invites hypoglycemia.
And in extreme cases?
Cum Laude.
Just what you'd expect. Massive injuries, internal bleeding.
We know two things for certain. Jane Galloway died from a lack of O2 and she is a natural blond.
It certainly looks that way.
Uh, petechial hemorrhaging in the eyes, deoxygenation led to cyanosis, hence the blue lips ...
... blue fingertips ...
... and blue face.
If she had struggled with her assailant that effort alone could have limited her oxygen intake causing further O2 depletion of the brain ...
Easy kill.
No physical findings. You'll have to check the kit.
I've seen things like this before. When I worked in Arlington, Virginia, every winter homeless trying to stay warm take a nap in a dumpster wake up in a garbage compactor. Mulch.
No, she was crushed post-mortem.
Tissue in the extremities was yellow and dry. Means blood wasn't pumping through her veins when she went through that compactor.
Massive internal bleeding. Her spleen ruptured.
Blunt-force trauma.
Rib cage. Ribs weren't crushed.
They sustained a single blow.
I-I have no idea. I'm still trying to straighten her out. Truth? I may never know.
Glad I'm a dog person.
You're right. No vital reactions around the bite marks. Predation is all postmortem. Cause of death: cardiac trauma. She was stabbed lateral to the sternal border, just below the fifth intercostal space 
... Straight into the right ventricle. Muscle layers decrease with age. Fascia and tissue layers are easy to penetrate. Can't tell you much about the weapon but the wound track is slick. 
I swabbed the foreign substance sent it to Greg.
Well, vic's lungs were full of fluid. Probably not relevant to your investigation, but the lab cultured her blood. She had a severe staph infection.
You found this guy in the park?
Well, that explains the postmortem scar tissue. Lye had a field day on his flesh.
Approximately 24 hours ago. Tell me about the car.
Comminuted fractures of the proximal tib-fib. Both legs. Bumper hits right below the knees. Sure sign he was hit by a car.
Which suggests he survived the impact. Usual injuries. Ruptured patellar tendon, laceration of the saphenous vein and multiple incised wounds containing slivers of glass ... 
... which I will send over to trace and bruise legs, arms and chest. What I didn't find was arterial lacerations or underlying vessel damage.
Correct. Victim was like a leaky water balloon. Heart slowly pumped blood right out of his body and based on the coloration of the bruises, trauma was sustained approximately 48 hours before death. Three days ago, this man was injured. He bled out until he died yesterday.
This is Ecklie's Mercedes?
Top of the head, face, top of shoulders and forearms. 
The victim bled out for two days.
Then the hypovolemic shock would have set in after approximately 12 hours.
Sometimes I'm glad I only deal with dead people.
Looks execution-style. At least one shot to the back of the head. A lot of bruising around these handcuffs.
Well, it's no longer trunk man. Identified him from his dental records. Jason Doyle. Dead for three days; no GSR.
We only recovered one slug from his cranium.
And I got this fragment from his lower back.
Vascular embolization. Bullet got into his arterial system.
Well, it took a full-body x-ray for me to find the thing. Bullet entered here ... 
... fragmenting at the neck and losing velocity upon penetration 
... of the carotid artery. Tube down the aorta, continually losing momentum. 
As it exited the aorta, it struck the vertebral column and then was swept down to the base of the aorta ...
... where I recovered it here at the lumbar region.
Looks like nines, like we found in the Chief.
Yeah.
Tuberculosis victims emit breath that smells like wet leaves.
I'm not sure. 
How about Darier disease? 
There's diabetic ketoacidosis. Body has excess glucose which converts to ketone ... Gets expelled through the pores. Has a fruity smell. It would help if we had a piece of the assailant's clothing.
What?
No visible track marks. Tox screen came up empty except for botulin.
I'll know more when I cut open her stomach. Heard about the rat. Hope he didn't have any children. Take a look at these tiny puncture wounds in her forehead. Indicates repeated injections. You sure she's homeless?
Educated guess: Beautification. She was injected with pig botulism. 
Botox ... the ultimate wrinkle cream.
Bad doctor. Missed the muscle. Shot directly into her supratrochlear vein.
People are still animals. Signs of possible torture. A lot of scarring. Some old, some new.
The dove-tail abrasion of the margins was caused by the scraping of the handle of some weapon. Tells me the blade was completely inserted -- more than once.
Give me a few hours; I'll know more.
I found blisters in the back of her throat.
That's what I thought until I noticed worn enamel on the tooth.  Which made me realize it wasn't sexual abuse.
She was bulimic and anorexic. Which explains the down on her skin.  Lanugo. Characteristic of premature babies and anorexics.
Not this week. Last week, or the week before, who knows? Binge-and-purge.
You know what's next.
Uh, starvation and purging weaken the immune system. But cause of death: Failed kidney, fueled by septicemia.
Probably, but she's been septic for at least a month. She has anemia borne of chronic disease. Her red cell count's low, iron's low. ESR is extremely high.
Quick. Name three human bones that can stand a twelve story drop.
They appear to be the only bones not fractured or broken.
Gil, he wasn't shot. This is the guy that fell of the new jailhouse. Are we talking about the same case here?
News to me. I didn't find any physical evidence of electrocution.
Negative on the burn marks. In most electrocution cases, capillaries rupture, hemoglobin leaks into the perivascular tissue.
His body contradicts your crime scene.
Mrs. Buckley, do you have someone to drive you home?  Mrs. Buckley?
Do you have someone to drive you home?
My youngest just turned 14. Tough age.
Cranial-cerebral injuries. Comminuted fractures of the occipital bone.
First blush? Yes. Waiting on toxicology. In the meantime, check out his torso.
Possibly.
You, too, huh? His body's covered in them.
Well, maybe it was as simple as he wasn't wearing his shirt and pants.
Exactly what kind of therapy was this?
No can do. Released six hours ago.
Another 24, but there's nothing in there to support Valenti was electrocuted.
You want to look at my notes?
His troponin enzymes are elevated.
Sure, but troponin's found in all victims of cardiac arrest, most of whom have not been zapped.
Uh, vic also had an elevated concentration of iron in his blood -- six, seven times normal.
No.
Well, it fits the bill of mundane. His skin looked jaundiced.
Dead or alive, your vic's epidermis is yellow.
What? ... Okay, I'm working with you. Uh, I don't remember. I mean, genetics can be fascinating -- and there are things I take note of -- but I didn't focus on his genitals.
You're welcome.
Barry Schickel from the high school. Dug three of these .44's from his back. 
First one cracked his infraspinous fossa.
Second one entered ... past the interior angle of the scapula punctured a lung.
And the last one entered just right of the right anterior sarratus muscle ... pierced the heart.
This is a special case. 
See the scar? This guy was attacked before ... I'd say in the last six months.
Whatever it was, it would've killed him. If his heart had been there.
Barry's upper body? All his internal organs are on the opposite side of typical placement.
Which was good for this guy, until his luck ran out.
Six months, hand-to-hand combat. Sounds like something your suspect would do?
Jacques Cousteau. Kidding. Coroner's humor. But I'll tell you what I do know. He didn't die in that fire. No carboxyhemoglobin in his blood. 
Tells us he stopped breathing before the fire started. Guy was probably killed someplace else and dumped.
Victim's injuries are inconsistent with a fall of that magnitude. No fracture of the pelvis no compression of the lumbar vertebrae no shortening of the body.
His heart stopped beating. 
The human heart beats in a four-beat rhythm like a fox-trot. The two atria contract, then the two ventricles. Ba-boom, ba-boom.
Commotio cordis. Cardiac concussion. The guy short-circuited. It's rare, but I've seen it. Couple of years ago a minor leaguer took a line drive to the chest. 
Interrupted the impulse to the heart turning it into a bag of worms. Fibrillation.
Definitely. 
... Lake Mead. Sorry, Nick. But I did find something between him and his wetsuit. Soap residue. Like he started to shower. Soaped up never soaped off.
Oliver Dunne. Corporate lawyer. Father of two.
His wife-- widow. She came down to I.D. His property.
Last one I recovered entered through his abdominals ... 
... pierced the liver, lodged in the oblique.
You might be right. He died of asphyxiation. Tie probably closed the windpipe. 
Without oxygen, the alveoli capillaries wither and dry up. Whole pulmonary system shut down. What you may have here is the smallest sliver of the murder weapon.
I'll take it from here, David.
Catherine.
No serosanguineous fluid expunged from the mouth or nose.
Rules out your jacuzzi theory.
Bright red lividity extending down the body.
Well, heatstroke possibly. Stroke could cause multiple organ failure and if I'm right ... 
Hey, I still have to do the post. Catherine?
As finished as I'm going to be. You were right. Cyanosis. Blood was unable to oxygenate her tissue.
With blood in her lungs, asphyxiation's out. I found vomit in her throat, bloody stool, hemolysis and some irritation of the mucous membrane on her tongue. I won't know more till I get the blood test back. Could be blood-borne disease.
Then you know more than I do.
Fifteen minutes before my next post. Bottled chemicals from the library?
Hey. Great room. Great table. I could use this. Lay out all the body parts. Get a real overview. Is that a light under there?
Oh, your vic. Poisoned. Substance as yet unidentified.
When you isolate the toxin you'll have a better idea where it came from. Nick ... 
I love this table.
Well, ricin. I never would have gone there but it explains the irritation of the mucous membrane on her tongue.
I don't know about ate but the ricin made contact with the tongue which means you're probably looking for a powder.
She died two to four hours before she was discovered. Jury's still out on cause of death but considering the whip and ligature marks it's no stretch to say it was violent. Some of the scars on her back are years old. Some are fresh.
That's the strange part. Her body's a road map of abuse but there's no sign it was sexual. She hasn't had intercourse in months.
Left or right?
Mona Taylor didn't die from the beatings but cause of death was equally as slow: Asphyxia. You look like you expected it.
Well, there's something else. She had some odd scaring in the inside of her nose. Some small red circle. 
She worked in a s*x club, it could be caused by anything.
Maybe I lack imagination but why would you need a straw at a s*x club?
There's a difference?
Cocaine?
I like to think so. So this is our cross-dresser in thee ? I.D.'d as Adam Brower, shot in the back with a hollow point -- close range. Mushroomed upon impact maximizing trauma.
Forty-five. 
Someone didn't want to share.
Contusions on the anterior neck. Streaking erythema on the lateral aspect of zone one. Cartilaginous tracheal rings are crushed.
Catherine.
How'd you know?
Put his thumbs around her air pipe and pushed.
I swabbed her neck. Affirmative for epithelials.
Parents called. They're on their way in to I.D.
Oddly, relieved.
You know why Steve Wynn hired Bobby Baldwin to run The Nugget, then The Mirage, The Bellagio? He was a great poker player, Great Thinker.
Stop the world. No violaceous lividity prominent above the level of the shoulders.
Not ruling out stroke, but check out the mees lines in his fingernails. 
Milky, vomit-like fluid in the corners of his mouth ...
... single blue line running across his gums ... 
... all the earmarks of lead poisoning.
What's that look like to you?
It's probably been there quite a while leeching lead into his system.
I'll know better when I get the tox screen back and examine the brain.
Hey, Catherine. Nice timing. I just finished my prelim on your John Doe.
Cause of death: Perforating gunshot wound through and through. Wound penetrated the zygomatic arch exited the right temple. 
Check out his right eardrum.
Presence of blood indicates the tympanic membrane was blown out shortly before death.
Jet engine? Well, that would explain his clothing. A gasoline smell. Sent if off to trace. Here's something you don't see every day, though: Perimortem bruising on his torso. Two symmetrical lines.
Maybe. 
Yup. Turbo.
Nope.
Want to step back a little?
You ever held a legend's brain? 
Correct spelling: U-N-C-A-L. Uncal herniation-- a swelling at the base of the temporal lobe which compresses the posterior cerebral artery resulting in a stroke.
Tox is pending.
Wild card was blood pressure. If he kept that under control he might have had another twenty years.
Yup.
Hi, fellows. Cause of Death -- any takers?
Nicely played. It's suffocation. After I cleaned him up, noticed bluish discolorations on his lips  ... and on what's left of his nail beds. 
Found no ligature marks on his neck no petechial hemorrhaging. Hence, no forcible suffocation.
uh, more like... uh ... 25%.
You don't.
Well, above 15,000 feet, hypoxia can occur in minutes.
Since I'm the one who always seems to state the obvious this arm was dead before it was hacked off.
Occupational hazard, maybe. I see this kind of thing a lot in bricklayers, plumbers, carpenters.
Gradual denaturation of the proteins in the epithelials. Resulting in general scarring on the palm or surface.
Can you get a partial?
The trans-section of the left wrist is consistent with a self-inflicted wound particularly because she's right-handed.
People usually stutter-cut a few times ... 
... trying to work up the courage.
This woman cut herself with one smooth motion.
Nothing. Not back yet. But I'll get it to you soon as it is.
Minute pieces of it, yeah. I tweezed a few for trace.
Probably safety glass.
I was over here on an exhumation matter. I knew you wanted this. Tox results for Linda Damen.
The electrolyte and glucose levels in the eye were normal. Means your victim wasn't dehydrated or diabetic. Other than that ... 
Okay, David.  Case 03-615. Postmortem exam of an adult. Caucasian. Male. Identified as Fred Stearns. Body received warm to the touch. Rigor mortis not present. Skull nose, bones are intact by palpation. Irides are brown. Slightly congested. Hmm. Unidentified dry black substance on the front of the teeth. Gingiva and lips. Okay. David, open him up.
Hmm?
Get me my kit. Come on.
Hold this. let's go. Keep it tight. That's good, David.
Pulse is rising. David, string me a suture needle.
Go! Go!
I consider myself a superhero every day.
C.O.D. is still indeterminate. Blunt force trauma is a possibility. She has some perimortem bruising around the left eye. But limb removal is relatively clean. Definitely postmortem.
Second degree midline episiotomy scar.
But there might be one other thing. At first I thought appendectomy, but check out her x ray. 
She's had surgery. Some kind of implant at the L4-L5 interspace. I'll know more when I open her up.
Pulled it from the L4-L5 interspace. Cobalt chromium molybdenum alloy with a titanium coating and an ultra high molecular weight polyethylene component. An artificial spinal disc. If you can recreate a spine the possibilities are endless.
Eh, typically, but it can limit mobility. With that little disc, your body doesn't know the difference. 
Matches range of motion, flexibility and an axial rotation of a normal spine. 
Still in clinical trials. Less than a thousand surgeries have been performed in this country.
You'll like this even better. Medium endplate, size 12, polyethylene component and a six-degree lordosis angle. Narrowed it down to one. Amy Ennis. Austin, Texas.
That's for you to find out.
Okay, David, take two.
Any word yet on a poison?
It could've been a factor, though. Uh, gum churns up stomach acid -- instant inflammation.
Bullet entered through the throat, severing the spinal column. C2's adjacent to the brain stem. Sever that, respiration shuts down, resulting in almost immediate death.
Wood splinters embedded in the jacket.
Sure, just finishing. Some people actually do die of natural causes in Vegas you know.
So what's on your mind?
It's a rough procedure. The basilar is the chief blood supplier to the brain stem. Here, I'll show you.
They put the patient under hypothermic arrest, meaning the heart will be stopped and blood artificially circulated.
The objective is to decrease blood pressure so the aneurysm can be clipped. Imagine taking a knife to a balloon.
The neurosurgeon has just under an hour. One slip, the artery ruptures causing a catastrophic brain hemorrhage.
Nine out of ten times, Sara. I'm sure her doctor told her.
Tox report on your foam guy came back negative.
No drugs, no alcohol, no medication, not even an aspirin.
The sternocleidomastoid muscle and the jugular vein were lacerated. 
The wound was a bloody mess, probably lethal.
Hard to say. Definitely an odd entry wound. Not a knife or sharp object ... probably something blunt, like a pen or a stake of some sort.
Check this out.
Stand by. I'll process the tissue in histopath, see if it's worth writing home about.
Hey, Gil?
Carmen?
Opera makes it all seem so lovely. And at the risk of sounding like your mother, you're going to ruin your eardrums.
Our victims tissue -- Trey Buchman. The, uh, circular contusions I sectioned, indicate damage extending only 30 microns below the epidermis.
Man-made, high-pressure, subcutaneous injector.
Simply high pressure penetrating the skin.
Our victim was injected with insulin.
Nope.
Insulin doesn't make for a narcotic or hallucinogenic high so I don't know why Buchman would take the stuff.
Stop it right there.
Hey.
I'm generally immune to the stench of a decomp, but, uh, two weeks of decay still tickles the vibrassae of my nasal vestibule.
Crank up the milliamps.
Let's find out.
I feel like Androcles pulling the thorn from a lion's paw.
It probably broke off when it hit the bone.
Catherine, you can't say good-bye in an autopsy room.
Looks like something out of Nosferatu.
I've never seen that before -- a wooden stake embedded in the high parietal scalp in the midline. Hold his head down firmly, will you?
On three. One ... two ... three!
Irregular puncture defect to the scalp, laceration to the sagittal sinus. The wound track stops at the falx cerebri. No gross penetration of the cerebrum. That stake is what kept him driving.
Well, the application of more than normal pressure to the wound acts like a plug, temporarily keeping him alive. The spike probably struck ...
... between the brain hemispheres ...
... most likely lodging into the parietal bones and holding it in place. They say it's a game of inches -- a centimeter to the left or right, and he would have bled out and died instantly.
That, or live an extra hour in excruciating pain.
No apparent cause of death. I'll send a blood sample to tox.
Could indicate pulmonary edema. Found bruising in the lower extremities and the knees, but these injuries are a few days old. The bruises are at various stages of healing.
Well ... let's see, it extends around the body ... like so. 
Ah, I've seen this before. Did you find rope at the scene?
Found them in Isaiah's stomach contents.
Starts to break down as soon as it hits the mouth.
The shell is porous. In the stomach, the medicine leeches out, enters the bloodstream. The case is left behind. 
Eventually, the casing's broken down, as well, but by then, the medicine's already working.
Well, it should be listed in the PDR, but I couldn't find it.
Pill casings.
Dog lover? Dog walker?
25 milligrams. Four pills wouldn't have been fatal for a child Isaiah's size. Based on the blood levels, these remnants were probably a second dose.
Let me guess: No air bags in the vehicle.
Preliminary cause of death, epidural hematoma. Her head impacted the steering wheel.
Blood accumulated between the inner table of the skull and the dural membrane. 
Her injury is consistent with a severed middle meningeal artery. 
I considered and dismissed all age-related factors. No arthritis, no significant impairment of her senses. She has had part of her colon removed, probably due to injury or prior medical condition, but Sara, it's irrelevant to your case. I found no physiological explanation for the crash.
Return visit, huh? You're here about the tox screen.
Less than two nanograms of THC, so per nida, she wasn't.
I know where you're going. Let me stop you. THC has no significant cumulative effect, so maybe the question is: Why was a woman her age doping up?
Tell you what-check out her optic nerve.
That was before the tox screen came back. You know, it's not standard procedure to check for glaucoma, but the mary jane tipped me off. People think it slows the progression of the disease, but it just reduces the pressure in the eye and that reduction's only temporary. Prescription medications do a much better job.  Unfortunately, they don't have the same side effects.
It didn't affect her driving. Sara, Diana Lambert has nothing more to tell you.
You already reviewed the driver's tox screen. Now you want her basic blood panel.
Let's go.
Why are you focused on those hormones?
Well, you're talking about the sympathetic response to stress-eyes dialate, heart rate goes up, hormones go haywire.
Kamikaze granny.
Gentlemen, saponification occurs most frequently in infant burials. That's because their bodies have more fat, and their bacterial flora aren't fully developed.  ... Slowly ...
Hold it.
Hmm. Look at this. Something for Catherine.
All right. Let's pull the rest of this out. Historically, saponified corpses that maintain their physical features were looked upon as, uh, incorruptible, even saintly.
So, when it happened to children, it just reinforced that notion. Hand me that foot there, would you? Okay.
You know, interestingly enough, since formaldehyde is alkaline and American caskets are sealed, there are more bodies in this country turning to soap now than at any other time in human history. We are, in fact, the adipocere capital of the world. USA -- we're number one.
Did you ever chop wood, split a log?
You should try it sometime. I find it relaxing.
The blow here was delivered similar fashion. The temporal bone was hit, driven down hard. Upper palate smashed. Most of the teeth gone.
Yeah, by something fast and powerful.
No, industrial accidents are messy. These cuts are too clean. My guess -- single impact.
Possible. I'll cast the tool marks. 
Could be ritual mutilation or fetish murder.
My thoughts exactly. 
The preferred sample is a large bone with a portion of joint, and we freeze, grind and sequence. Want a breast or thigh?
It was Build My Gallows High, with Robert Mitchum, 1947.
... and Kirk Douglas. Trust me, the book was Build My Gallows High.
Puncture wound is small. Not a knife. Seems like it penetrated all the way to the brain stem, and there's some bruising around the mouth.
Didn't Telly Savalas do that in The Dirty Dozen?
Right.
Looks like somebody ripped something off his neck.
What'd you got?
Couple of fractured ribs. Deep purple contusions of the presternal chest wall. Each one around two inches in diameter. I stopped counting around nine.
It's hard to tell. Whatever it was, it had a great deal of velocity.
Cause of Death: Single gunshot to the chest. No evidence of gunshot residue.
Yeah. 
If that's the case, he was shot by somebody 10 to 15 feet tall.
Scabbing abrasions on the elbows, the back and kneecaps. 
Looks to be harmless boys will be boys stuff.
Wound tract tells us the weapon was sharp, irregular with a tight curve.
Corkscrew would be consistent with this tissue damage.
Transected the superior thyroid artery external carotid, causing exsanguination. Both laryngeal branches of the vagus nerve and her larynx were severed. Vagus nerve controls the muscles in the larynx. Any injury to this nerve and its surrounding muscle results in immediate paralysis of the throat.
Voice box was immobilized. 
Why the look?
Myocardial necrosis. Just what you'd expect from a heart attack, only I didn't find any blockages consistent with coronary disease. He was remarkably healthy for a dead guy.
The answer is ... the three main ways to take cocaine.
Very good. The answer is normal nasal passages, clear lungs, and no track marks on the body.
We'll have to wait for Final Jeopardy.
I checked her lungs-- bath water. And the blow to the back of the head consistent with a fall. Besides, homicide reported that nothing at the scene indicated foul play, so, there was no reason to do more than an abbreviated autopsy.
Well, this is personal, Nick. I tend to take my work to heart, and when the two of you come in here asking me to sign a court-ordered request for an exhumation of a body that's already left my hands,  I tend to take it very personally.
That's wrong, Captain. It's my ass on the line. I don't think the two of you are sensitive to what we're really talking about here. First of all, exhumations are costly and public. Makes this office look inept, and that's just internally. God forbid it gets in the newspaper. Remember something -- the public does not understand abbreviated autopsy. All they hear is, Oh, what did he miss?
Respectfully, Nick, I don't think you understand.
Mr. Phillips, she's not going to hop out of that coffin by herself.
Well, it's very simple. You will open it up.
David, would you go to the store and buy some cold cream?
Her makeup -- it's got to come off.
Thanks.
Embalming fluid's a witch's brew of formaldehyde, phenol, menthonol and alcohol, perfume and pink coloring agent.
Yeah. It's like bathing an infant, Nick. Soft and always in motion.
No, you're doing fine. See the bruising on her back and her right elbow?
Well, it wasn't evident four weeks ago. Subtle bruising may not be evident ...
... at the time of death, but it can be accentuated by the embalming process ...
... after the body leaves my slab. This bruising would have meant nothing to the mortician.
It's my job to spot them, their job to cover them. Let's turn her over.  Got her?
Here we go.
All right, let's see what's under that makeup. 
Bruises on her face.
Treated himself to a hamburger with pickles and ketchup, chocolate shake, and what I can only assume was super-size fries.
More like a last supper, I'm afraid. He took a synthetic narcotic, fentanyl. By patch and by pill.
Used in hospitals, post-surgery.
That what separates the attempts from the corpses. It's a prokenetic agent that speeds up the body's absorption of fentanyl and it keeps the stomach acids from going into reflux.
Maybe not so temporary. 80% of all completed suicides have tried previously.
From the scarring, I'd say twice before.
Third time's the charm.
Our horse trainer has paramortem bruising and scraping, ranging from minor to major, all consistent with being trampled. What's not consistent is this: Pinpoints.
Torphine. A thousand times as potent as morphine.
Mm-hmm. One of the bruises contains a puncture wound about the same size as that dart you found.
Someone else shot her.
Cause of death was asphyxiation due to strangulation. Multiple round oval bruises over the interior and lateral neck with occasional crescentic red abrasions.
Apparently. 
None that I could find, but take a look at this. 
Yeah, prolonged pressure on the jugular.
Yeah, that takes hate. I'll get a measurement of the, uh, grip size.
It's on Graves' desk, but he's pretty backed up, more than usual.
Maybe not. I did a vaginal clock on her. Signs of activity at 11:00, 12:00, and 1:00, and that would imply rough s*x, not rape.
Gil. I was just coming to see you.
I pulled the bullet from Cyrus Lockwood. Fully intact, well preserved.
I wanted to. Every day I see people I don't know, but I saw a lot of Lockwood, and I did get to know him. I felt like I owed it to him.
Yeah.
Sure. What's up?
Boy, I wish you'd come to me sooner. Your condition's pretty far along. Why did you wait?
Doesn't your mother have this condition?
Look, Gil, I'm not going to preach to you. You came to me, but ... Doctor to Doctor ... there's a chance the bone deposits have spread into the inner ear, in which case, your hearing loss will eventually be permanent. If I were you, I'd schedule surgery as soon as possible.
No surprise here. He drowned.
Lack of bruising, no bleeding wounds. Indicates his circulatory system had stopped. This was postmortem.
Uh, don't know. Not a rash. Some kind of abrasion. Maybe even a friction burn. Definitely peri-mortem. X-rays reveal several broken ribs and he's got a bruise on his forehead. He could have taken a bad fall.
Maybe.
No physical findings for sexual assault though I did send a kit to DNA. Looks like cause of death was a single gunshot to the head. I'll know more later.
Yes, I do. Depth of bruising gives us a timeline. Apparent thumbprint on her neck came first the, uh, prints on her hands second. Major impression on top. It's some kind of recoil bruise on her palm.
... and linked to an external screw. Turn the screw, it cracks the bones. Osteogenic cells flood in.
Callus forms to bridge the gap. The fractures heal and the bone gets longer. You have to break the bones every four to six hours a quarter millimeter at a time. Excruciating pain ... for an extra few inches.
What fools these mortals be.
So ... 
At least. C.O.D. was asphyxiation due to strangulation. Give me a hand here. 
Bruise behind the ear is characteristic of a hanging.
This bruise is not.
Take a look at this. 
Separation of the first and second vertebrae prior to death.
That's something that would only happen to a dwarf with pseudoachondroplasia. Physiology can make for cervical spine instability.
Hmmm ...
Nope. No heroin in his system. Lots of bourbon, but no heroin at all.
Embolism to the heart.
I withdrew air from his right ventricle and air can be deadlier the heroin. 
It travels through the vein into the right ventricle to prevent blood from entering or leaving the chamber which eventually leads to heart failure.
And why his pupils weren't pinpointed. They would have been bilaterally small after an overdose.
His blood alcohol count was point-three-one . My guess is he was unconscious before his heart stopped.
Catherine, wait. That black mark ... 
Ink. Standard black printing ink.
He's got external burns covering approximately eighty percent of his body. Majority are second-and third-degree. Extensive damage to his hands. Curled and closed.
You're going to have a tough time finding anything substantial here.
Yeah, sure.
Laryngeal spasm. We usually see this in drownings. Only instead of swallowing water, he swallowed fire.
It causes the larynx to pinch shut protecting itself ... 
... yet cutting off his air supply and that leads to immediate unconsciousness and death. Another example of the body trying to protect itself. And, uh, I'd say in this case, it didn't work.
Not as unusual as what I found in his mouth. 
... Surgically created soft tissue pouches within the gingivae. It's like pockets of skin.
Neither have I.
Learn something new every day don't you?
A little more. There we go.
She's in rigor. At least 12 hours.
Get out your ten card and print her. But look out for this blue paint. Catherine's going to need to see it.
Crazy world out there.
Thought Mathers was on death row.
Suspect must be intimately familiar with the minutiae of the prior cases. What's identical: Cause of Death-- strangulation. Bruising on her wrists plastic zip tie, navy-blue paint. There is one new element: Defensive wounds on the hands. Whatever she grabbed onto shattered and caused these lacerations.
After. One of these cuts sliced right through the paint. 
The paint was there first.
Right.
Massive soft tissue damage, severe facial fractures. Are they letting guys go at each other with clubs these days?
It never ceases to amaze me the damage one human being can inflict on another.
This guy should have been so lucky.
Yeah, I thought so, too. I did a postmortem angiogram.
It's a basilar subarachnoid hematoma the result of a massive ...
... vertical blunt force trauma to the chin. The sudden forced rotation of the neck tears the vertebral artery ...
... and blood pours out into the surrounding soft tissue.
You say tomato and I say Cause of Death ... Gil, I never had you pegged as a fight fan.
So, uh, this is a socially acceptable live-subject laboratory for you?
Thank you.
Yeah.  Professional athlete. Would have expected performance enhancers -- uh, creatine, dianobol. This man had sufentanil in his system.
Yeah.
The victim suffered tripod fractures of the zygomatic arch in two places. There's also a fracture of the orbital floor.  This tripod fracture of the zygoma that caused the flattening of the victim's face. It indicates that he was struck with an extremely powerful blow.
Come on, you bitch! I'm allergic to red ants, you know.
If they're dead, I hope.
Something tells me that isn't black flag.
And how does an entomologist feel about putting ants to death?
I see.  Man without a face.
Hard to say between the insects and the elements. At least a year.
Multiple fractures of both clavicles. 
Right clavicle healed ... broken four months before death.
Left was more recent ... hairline fractures are still present.
Give me a hand turning him over, will you? 
I'm not sure. Sharp impact wounds to the interscapular. Same trauma here in the vertebrel.
I can't say. Uh, maybe some round weapon of some sort.
What?
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Warrick stick you with post?
Already did from her dental records. Susan Hodap, 26. Exsanguination from a trans-section of the carotid artery. Slicing stab. 
To tie to a knife? Eh, that'll entail a boil, but sure, I can try. What I can tell you conclusively is that Susan Hodap was already on borrowed time. I tapped her cerebral spinal fluid didn't wait for a batch, had the lab run it solo. She was HIV positive.
Okay. In fourth grade, I dropped out of karate class because a kid half my size made me cry.
No pedestrian fracture. Almost without exception, when a pedestrian's hit by a car, there's certain expected wounds in his lower extremities most significantly the pedestrian fracture.
Tip of the triangle always points in the direction the car was moving. His tibia's intact.
In fact, there's no bruising to the lower extremities. 
Chest was crushed. Multiple rib fractures and hence the white bucket you and David filled with his intestines. They literally popped out.
Well, he would've died anyway.  He was stabbed. Clean incised wound to the abdomen. Five inches deep.
I can't give you an exact time frame except to say it wasn't immediate ... and before you ask, we don't have an ID, but missing persons called. A woman called and said her son didn't come home last night. She's on her way in.
I'm so sorry.
Mrs. Branson, I'm afraid you'll have to talk with the detectives.
No.
Negative. What are you looking for?
Well, I can't help you with burns but you'll want to check out this guy's right palm.
A bullet. It's lodged in the left ventricle. 
I was contemplating my method of extraction when you arrived.
Not if it's only a jacket fragment.
That would explain the mystery of the shattered femur. It's covered in copper dust. 
I'll remove the heart, peel back the myocardium and get you what's left of that bullet.
Yeah, torn musculature, but no inflammatory response.
Another one for my table.
Cut began at the right carotid. Severed the artery and the jugular vein and terminated at the trachea. It's not as deep as I would expect for this kind of crime.
Well, yeah. Oftentimes, the only thing intact is the spinal column. This did the job and nothing more.
Alcohol count was .20.
There was no limit to Mrs. Dominguez. Blood work showed heavy traces of M.D.M.A.
Yeah, it might have made her docile.
That may explain her head. Now let's move down to the toes.
Yeah. There is a ... a strip club, um, named Shimmer on industrial. I, uh, recognized the s almost immediately.
Uh, David's cleaning him up.
Congealed blood in the pericardium. Heart's what took the bullet.
Yeah, she was dead in seconds.  Hmm. Bullet's still in the heart.
Here we go.
There.
Fairly intact. Want to do the honors?
That's it.
Right.
Sure.
Well, that's, uh, fairly standard. Most gunshot wounds are ninety degrees, give or take.
Right.
It's pretty obvious the initial blows were to the head.
Whoever attacked him just kept going. Used some real force. Severed his spinal cord at C-l, C-2.
Right, so why keep hitting?
The epidermis was disturbed, leaving areas of exposed derma, which we'd normally see as red or purple abrasions. But in this case, no blood rushed to the area.
Right.
Well, Brian may have gotten off a punch of his own. I can't identify the pattern, but I sent blood and skin transfer to Greg.
And you're going to need these.
Blunt-force trauma didn't kill him. But this might have.
Cause of death: Anaphylactic shock. Outer skin becomes irritated, the eyes inflamed, throat closes ...
No, but you can inject it. 
Puncture wound is consistent with a hypodermic needle.
We've ruled out food allergy as the cause of death. If it was an environmental agent, I expect one of the other jurors had a reaction as well. His body reacted to something. It's why I'm reexamining the exposed areas of his body -- face and the neck.
Look at this.
She's exsanguinated time of death is anybody's guess. Rigor's past, so it's over 24 hours. Deep incised wound of the anterior and lateral neck, transecting both carotids and the anterior trachea. 
Cut's clean. Extremely sharp, short instrument.
That's what I'm thinking.
You know, I caught a 25-pound yellowtail last year off the coast of Mexico, and it took me half an hour to filet. Dismembering an adult male with this precision and without cutting through the bone, twelve hours minimum.
The, uh, patella was cleanly removed. And with one slice, the femur was separated from the tibia and the fibula. There's a perverse elegance to this butchery.
Okay, keep in mind, this is just a theory. It's a hot button issue among forensic pathologists.
Most doctors say it's impossible to prove handedness based on the wounds inflicted on a victim.
Based on micro-incisions and hesitation marks, the victim was lying face up when he was killed. Take a look at the right knee.
The cut on the cartilage of the right distal femur has slight angulations from the, uh ... left distal to the right proximal, which suggests the killer was left-handed. This angulation is consistent with cuts made to the acetabulum and to the wrist, but bear in mind, it's not going to be admissible in court.
David says you found evidence of vampires in North Las Vegas.
Angela Sommerville, 20, from Henderson. License was in her pocket. Cause of death: Exsanguination.
Well, her bark was worse than her bite.
There we go.
Ah. They're acrylic. Check out her gum line.
Thin grooves carved into the canine's enamel. Fangs are clip-ons. Multiple bite marks on the tongue suggest she was still breaking them in.
Dracula didn't drink all her blood. I sent a sample to tox. I'm not sure if it's probative. 
Multiple incised wounds on the anterior of both shoulders. Some are fresh.
Yeah. 
We'll have it out in a second. The trick is to apply even pressure all around.
They can mess up the striae. You've got enough to deal with without my toolmarks in the mix. Here we go.
Huh. Paper or plastic?
California boys.
Okay. Let's do this. Officer Clay was killed by a single close-range shotgun blast to the back of the head. Excessive penetration and laceration of the brain. Suspect Clyde Tremmel ... 
Two distant-range, medium-caliber gunshot wounds to the front of the chest, with penetration of the lung and heart.
Suspect Jack Delver ...
One distant-range, medium-caliber gunshot wound to the forehead. The bullet penetrated the brain and was recovered in the occipital lobe. Rufus Sanders, bystander ... 
... five scattered buckshot perforations on the outer thigh. One severed the femoral artery, resulting in massive hemorrhage. And Julia Reed, cocktail waitress. Single medium-caliber gunshot wound to the left chest. The bullet perforated the lung and thoracic aorta, then perforated the opposite lung. And that's it.
Catherine, something bothering you?
Laurel Trent definitely had some work done. Implants which she later had removed. She has a four-centimeter-long scar at the edge of the collapsed fibrous capsules in both breasts.
I was just getting to that. Two gunshot wounds to the back of the head, just like her husband. Close range. Either one immediately debilitating and fatal. I sent the bullets to the lab. But this is why I sent for you.
If you're close enough to stun him, you're close enough to shoot him.
Well, maybe they were trying to buy time.
Eh, let's start with Mr. Head wound.
You've seen these before.
Heard you found a nine-millimeter at the scene?
I sent the bullets to ballistics.
No, but he took a blade to the stomach. The cut was shallow, five or six centimeters below the sternum. Like the soft spot in a dragon.
Multiple stab wounds. The deepest of which transected the thoracic aorta and the right mainstream bronchus.
His name is Ed Burnell. Matched his prints, prior for possession. And it's not the first time he stared death in the face. Our man had a double dose of cirrhosis. That takes work. Years of hard-core alcohol abuse, plus hepatitis, probably acquired by dirty needles.
Actually, half the liver is pretty healthy.
The new half.
Organ recipient procedure is pretty clear. They only do transplants on people who test clean for a year.
Is that what you think? That once an addict, always an addict?
When the puzzle's a body, the corner piece is the pelvis. Oh, uh, Nick ID'd your vic. She missed her last bed check. Convict number sixty-nine twenty.
No, she wasn't trying to escape. She was murdered. 
I dissected her arm.
The blood in the brachial artery is clotted, which is indicative of a post-mortem laceration.
Yep. Cranio-cerebral injury...
... due to blunt-force trauma. Depressed skull fracture imbedded with tiny white fibers. Given the depth and position of the, uh, fracture, I'd say she was hit on the head with something hard on the inside and white and fuzzy on the outside.
Sure. I'll start her bath.
Well, you might want to check out her left forearm.
Rap sheet's referenced dermatological anomalies. According to her, she didn't have any. I'll take a slice down to histology.
It's very peculiar. Take a look at his chest wound. No right or left angulation. No up or down. Straight in, straight out.
Well, one time is an anomaly. Five times? 
All four back wounds are clustered and parallel.
And the chest wound is at the same distance from the crown of his head as the other four.
There are none.
Nope.
Well, I found this in his stomach.
Looks like a paper wad of some sort.
Skull's not ready yet. Enzymes are still eating away at the proteins.
I thought she'd been incarcerated for the last 23 months.
Urine ... you're out.
Okay ...
About ten times cheaper than the brand sold by our medical supply company, and just as accurate.
... sexy?
Yeah, plus sign. You know what that means.
Excuse me. Am I interrupting?
Alas, poor Yorick.  I knew him, Horatio. 
The occipital bone retained the shape of the murder weapon.
Didn't get enough of this guy in the interrogation room?
Yes?
Well, it wasn't the nightstick action.
Cardiac arrhythmia. His heart rate increased till he went into tachycardia. Started throwing PVCs and then v-fib.
Nothing I could find. The guy had a big heart-550 grams-- but otherwise healthy.
Well, he could have been on something -- tox is pending -- but there were no observable effects of long-term drug abuse. No atrophy, cirrhosis, tissue necrosis. I checked all the hot spots.
The organs showed no sign of infection or disease.
Well, I'll send a tissue sample to histology, but 98.6 is just an average. Some people run hot.
Forehead's upright, smooth. Mandible's small. Lower face narrow.
Yeah. Pelvis confirms it. It's wide for the birth canal. No pits in the pubic bone -- she never gave birth.
Zygomatic bones retreat, slant back. Nasal opening's long and narrow.
Mm. Around 5'4. I estimated her height from the length of the femur.
Well ... third molars haven't erupted. No wisdom teeth.
Eh, it's a safe estimate.
Strangulation. Fracture to the hyoid bone.
Fractures to the zygomatic bone and maxilla ... also the left ulna ... but no tool marks on any of the bones.
Yeah. Walter Darian strangled a female Caucasian, 5'4, around 20 years old.
Well, I, uh, did dental charts, x-rays. David's off and running with 'em now. I also excised a portion of the femur, scraped a tissue sample from inside the pelvis, and yanked a molar. If there's any usable DNA left, that's where it'll be.
All right, David. The three most common ways to asphyxiate: Strangulation, suffocation and...
Good.
Scissors.
Hold this please. Thank you, David.
Hmm.
Cause of death.
I found it in the trachea.
Or not. I found these in his stomach.
You don't swallow six of them by accident.
Trace evidence. Definitely doesn't belong in the wound track. Did your guy get shot through a window?
Absence of gunshot residue.
Well, Mr. Klinefeld was shot once in the front and Mrs. Klinefeld once in the back.
Dare I say the couple that slays together, lays together?
Roommates were unable to make a positive ID due to the accelerated decomposition, but dental records confirmed Daniel O'Hannissey. Laceration on the forehead -- macerated, but not significant. Contusion with a small laceration ... here, below the ear. That did some damage. There's an obvious hematoma in the subdural space consistent with a subdural bleed. Herniation of the uncinate process on the same side.
He was steamed. Turns the brain into lime gelatin.
Ruled out drowning. There was no water in the lungs. He was dead before he hit the water. So, you are looking at it -- a blow to the back of the head. Resulted in a subdural hematoma. Sort of like a slow leak in a tire.
Odds are Danny had no idea he was bleeding in his brain. He probably felt fine. Maybe a little woozy. Then out of nowhere, he drops.
12 to 24 hours.
Yeah.
Other than the fact that he's deceased, this guy is in excellent physical condition.
Eh, superficial. Could be from a fall. Your bloody rock may be incidental.
Injury on the back of his hand. Maybe an altercation of some sort.
No cerebral issues. No primary indicators.
Cardiac arrest.
Didn't say I was finished. Clouded corneas tipped me off. Look at the liver.  His serosal surfaces are unusually dry. His urine was minimal and dark brown.
Well, the race isn't the only reason these guys come to town. It's a good party.
L.A. S-E-S. They go all out.
Introductions. Shelly Hoffman, 25. Cause of death -- lacerated ventricle. Noah Nuland, 15. C.O.D.-- Head contusion. The swelling of the brain killed him within minutes. Now, Gary Clodfelter died of shock. His wife, May, exsanguinated. And their son, Cameron - another head contusion.
Jim Nevins, 20. Park employee. Died from a temporal herniation. Impact to the head caused the brain to swell, which, in turn, put pressure on the brain stem.
Right.
The chicken little theory? But here's the hitch. The others died roughly ten hours ago. Mr. Nevins' rigor mortis is fixed. Body temp puts the time of his death approximately sixteen hours before the others -- right around
For what it's worth, these bruises correspond to the holes in his sock.
Yeah.  There was a good clot in the wound, and the tissues were contused. I'd say it occurred at least an hour or two before death. I teased out a couple of small-caliber projectiles from his brain.
One was embedded in the right frontal cortex. The other lodged in the first cervical vertebra.
You know, historically, .22s were the hit man's bullet of choice.
They have the energy to enter into the cranial vault, but not enough to exit, so they just ricochet around inside, shredding the gray matter until they stop.
There's also extensive crush injury to both hands, with fractures of the metacarpals and the phalanges.
Bruises appear perimortem.
Given the fracture pattern, I'd guess it was some sort of blunt object. 
What gets you to that?
Ow.
Third time?
'Cause of death, asphyxia due to strangulation. Victim has a hairline fracture of the right third metacarpal with some soft tissue swelling.
She was a fighter. There's also fresh contusions of the right labia.
I did a wet mount of the vaginal secretion with a Christmas Tree stain. Slide's under the scope.
If he was trying to silence a witness, why not just kill her, why rape her again?
Fluoroscope showed no bullet or stab wounds, and apart from multiple fractures of her fingers and hands, no other apparent injuries.
Yeah. They must have thought somebody'd find her -- a friend or relative.
Live alone, die alone. In this case, from massive dehydration. Rule of threes: Three minutes without air, three days without water, and three weeks without food. 
Warrick said you found a possible print at the scene. Need to rule hers out?
Well, that'll be easy.
You were right about your dead swimmer. She didn't drown. Cause of death was a culpable fracture of the neck, C1-C2.
Probably. Cerebral contusions beneath the skull fracture. Savage hit.
There were no physical findings for rape. Not a lot to go on here. Gastric lumen contained dark, pasty material, maybe slightly digestive meat, stringy vegetable matter.
Emptying rates vary from person to person, but I estimate that she ate two to four hours before death.
Go ahead, pinch him.
Vitreous urea nitrogen and creatinine were normal. Same for sodium.
Tox was negative.
Organ was normal, under 400 grams. Left ventricle less than 1.5 centimeters.
Well, I would've missed this one if it weren't for you.
Look at the scope.
It's called nuclear streaming. It occurs when an electric current passes through tissue.
Low-power shock. Uh, current crossed the heart. No damage to the muscle, but havoc on the rhythm.
Ventricular fibrillation. 
A precision clock becomes a bag of worms.
All it takes is a little current.
With exhumations, you always hope for a good embalmer, and I think we've got one. Body's well-preserved. Tay-sachs is a genetic disorder. You see the retarded musculature? Classic symptom.
I stand corrected -- great embalmer.
Mark Young. Cause of death is asphyxia due to fresh water drowning. No bruises or other injuries. Except for a ruptured tympanic membrane.
Ante-mortem injury. In water, burst eardrums typically result from rapid decent. Sudden changes in pressure without equalizing.
The last time this happened they tried to chop the guy out. 1989-- year The Mirage opened.
Lost an arm and a leg. I miss the cold weather.
Boiling works best. Just, uh, spread it around the perimeter. Melt the ice.
That's right. Close as you can.
All right, guys, let's go.
Hmm.
Just came in. How'd you know?
Sellout.
Yeah, it fixes tissue, but it destroys DNA.
Puncture wound above the orbital plate.
Heavy decomp. It's going to be, uh ... virtually impossible to determine time of death. This neck wasn't severed. It was disarticulated. No skill involved.
Oh-oh. I take that back. 
Hmm.
Hair roots and scalp are relatively clean.
You tell me.
Nope. It's going to be a while.
Body was released last week. Cremated at Desert Haven. I.D.'d by the sister, pretty girl. Couldn't stop crying.
Fatal stab was to the left side of the neck.
The blade traversed the subcutaneous tissue,
... sternocleido-mastoid muscle, jugular venous complex,
... the carotid artery and the vagus nerve. She bled right out. Raped. No semen in the vaginal vault. I don't know if it's relevant, but check out the abrasion. There was something around her neck.
Pre-autopsy. David snapped the photo before he washed her body. He's in clean up.
She has no injuries consistent with a car accident. Cause of death is, uh, positional asphyxia.
Sufficient weight.
Occurred antemortem.
Close to time of death. Only bleeding injury.
Lots of trauma. Collected a kit.
Yeah, tox came back with a blood alcohol content of .18.
Decomposing blood can generate ethanol postmortem.
As the cell walls lyse and contact with the sugar in alcohol, bacterial growth produces the byproducts of carbon dioxide and ethanol.
It's inexact, but the body's capable of producing somewhere around .08 grams percent on its own.
Well, she had a head start.
Temperature of the spa water makes liver temp irrelevant. But given the redness of her eyes, I'd estimate she's been dead less than an hour.
Amelia Rueben didn't drown. If she had, there'd be fluid in her nasal sinuses. 
Clear as a bell.
Cardiac arrest.
No, her heart was in perfect condition. In fact, I have it over here. 
See the myocardium? There's no evidence of hemorrhage, infarct or scarring. No coronary occlusions. I can't explain it.
Well, you're just in time. She gets shipped in an hour.
Her mother's coming from Reno to claim her.
Sharp-force laceration to the frontal scalp with underlying fracture to the frontal calvarium. Cause of death, contusion to the brain and subdural hemorrhaging. Tox screen pegged her alcohol content at .30.
Chronic drinking tends to cause a reduction in platelets. It thins out the blood and retards clotting.
The only other thing I found ... was a swollen ankle.
The victim's about five years old. He was just losing his baby teeth. X-rays show metaphyseal fractures to the right humerus and acromion. They're called corner or bucket-handle fractures.
It's more like snatch and shake. Violent shaking creates shearing forces, causing fragment fractures at the end of the growth plate. It's highly specific for abuse.
Well, this kind of fracture doesn't usually heal with callus you can easily see. My guess, less than six months.
It's called cachexia. The soft tissue is diminished and drawn around the skull. The eyes are sunken, and there's prominent tenting where the skin should retract.
C.O.D. is renal failure due to starvation. His intestinal tract was virtually empty, except for these brown flecks I found. 
Hepatic steatosis, the liver goes yellow and greasy. Ketoacidosis, fat stores are used for energy, and then rhabdomyolysis - the muscles broken down for fuel. Think of the body as digesting itself.
I have to admit, this seems especially cruel and unusual.
Sinus identification is as reliable as fingerprints. Sinuses are unique; they have distinct, scalloped edges.
It's harder to identify children this way because they, uh, develop so quickly.
Bingo. Yep. Frontal and ethmoid sinuses line up perfectly.
This guy really dress up like Sherlock Holmes?
Yeah. In any event, C.O.D. was no surprise. Perforating contact range, gunshot to the right temple.
You only see levels that high in chronic users.
Given his size, he would've been incapacitated in a matter of seconds.
Vic was physically fit. Scratches and abrasions are ante-mortem, unrelated to the accident.
You are right.
Undetermined.
Unless some other evidence comes to light, I'm done. Sometimes I can't tell you why they die.
Female, early 30s, Hispanic descent, vitreous potassium was 11.74 milli-equivalents per liter, so PMI's approximately six hours.
From what I got here, I can't tell you much. Minimal dilation in the pupils indicates decapitation was postmortem.  Scalp shows naked follicles without hairs, no inflammation around them indicates removal was postmortem as well.
Takes time and dedication to do something like that.
Well, either way, at least she took good care of her teeth.
Dentists usually put on some form of identification on removable bridgework. It's better than a license plate.
Bullet entered through the left zygomatic arch, then penetrated the brain, then fragmented up.
Not even close. The right ear injury is a separate wound unrelated to the entry in the face.
Yeah, can you identify the weapon off these?
So I hear you found a wheelchair.
Did you check the serial number?
You know, wheelchairs are registered with medical supply companies. It's not something the average person would know.
Two sets of hands. Two sets of feet. Two skulls, two bodies. Both appear to be female. Jane Doe bottom's curled up. Jane Doe top's laid out flat.
It's in her mouth. Could be a dental appliance.
You're thinking ritualistic?
It's called a necropsy. And as the head M.E., it falls under my purview. I'm going to write an article for the journal. They love this sort of stuff.
I can confirm he was killed by an angry bear. As for the bear -- two bullets to the head. The first, nonfatal, was a straight-on shot. Bears' foreheads are sloped, so the bullet ricocheted off the skull, leaving a copper jacket, which peeled away and embedded in the hide.
The, uh, fatal bullet entered through the ear, lodged in the brain. I removed it already.
So, he shot one bullet with his rifle and another with his pistol.
Yeah, and the gallbladder removed.
Postmortem. I can't tell you why.
Well, when I fluoroscoped the bear, looking for other bullets, I noticed a microchip between his shoulder blades.
I removed it, called animal control to borrow a magnetic reader. Check it out.
I tracked it down: Clark County Zoo.
C.O.D. is asphyxia due to manual strangulation. Petechiae in the eyes and mouth and extensive bruising in the strap muscles of the neck.
No abrasions or contusions to the v*g1n*. No semen on the SART exam.
No tissue reaction means it's post-mortem. If she were alive at the time, it'd have a red edge. This one's bland. Burn extends subcutaneously, so the skin made contact with something hotter than 150 degrees.
From everything I've heard, this guy was a considerable ass. Speaking of which, from the damage to his sphincter, I'd say he suffered repetitive insertions.
Sizable. Matching perimortem bruises to the hips. The deceased had a peculiar rash around his genitals slathered in ointment. Doesn't read as an STD I'm familiar with. I swabbed the ointment. I also found a gallon of milky fluid in his stomach. Trace has that, too, along with fecal matter I scraped off his feet. 
For what it's worth, nicely manicured nails on all but one thumb, which has a groove worn in it.
Yeah, it could be. His pupils were dilated to the size of pie plates. Tox has the blood.
Asphyxia. Choked on his own blood.
Well, it broke his neck, but he continued to breathe a while.
Maurice Hudson is a perplexing subject. Check out his eyes.
And petechial hemorrhages on the chest.
Yep. Lividity, dark blue-purple, settled in the posterior area.
Yeah? So then explain the additional blanching patterns on the chest and thighs.
Yeah, I know what you're thinking, but the body wasn't moved. And these two lividity patterns taken together are consistent with him being on his back.
It took at least two to three very long minutes to kill him. And whatever was on him remained there until livor set, about eight to ten hours.
Minimal hemorrhage around the head wounds suggests the heart was destroyed first. Close-to-contact SGW caused extensive pulpification on the heart and bilateral hemothraces.
Yeah, and that was embedded in the back of his skull. Not uncommon for a close-range shot.
How can you tell?
Hmm? Yeah, what is it?
That's the vic's name?
It's the same name as our new councilman from ward seven. Interesting story. The guy played pro football ...
Right.
Yeah, then you mis-ID'd the vic. Gabe Miller's still alive. As much as a politician can be.
No mystery here. Ms. Krell was violently stabbed to death. C.O.D. exsanguination.
She was raped. Contusions to the vaginal introitus and an eighth-inch hemorrhagic laceration at the vaginal fourchette. Six o'clock position. The attack was brutal.
If a guy just wants s*x, he can hire a hooker.
Well, there is some good news. Motile sperm in the t mount. I've sent the kit to DNA for analysis.
How could a boy have made someone so mad? C-O-D is blunt-force trauma. I counted fourteen separate blows. Several more were coinciding. Cylindrical weapon, about an inch in diameter.
Yeah. In fact, check this out.
Thread pattern's consistent with the end of a pipe.
Yeah. My guess, he never woke up.
Bullet enters with a marginal abrasion on the underside of the chin. The wound path traverses the oral cavity, brain, and the high scalp, just right of the mid-line. Bullet exited with a stellate laceration in the right parietal scalp.
Mrs. Stewart ... bullet penetrates the back. The hemorrhagic wound paths traverse the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and the deep musculature on the right side of the back. Trajectory is back to front, right to left and slightly downward.
Cause of death was drowning.
I noticed a fracture on the left fourth costosternal junction-- with virtually no hemorrhage -- caused by excessive pressure on the upper aspect of chest.
Right, but the EMTs' report states that she already had the injury when they found her at the scene.
Eh, that works.
C.O.D. is asphyxia due to manual strangulation. Whoever did this used a lot more force than they needed to. There's bleeding in the neck muscles. Fractures in the cornu of the thyroid cartilage and hyoid bone.
Sure did. Found motile sperm in the vaginal cavity.
Eh, I'm not sure he rode anything at all. There's an absence of trauma in the vaginal cavity.
Yeah. The semen was found at a depth not indicative of penile penetration. In this case, only a couple inches in.
Victim is a well-developed Caucasian male. Musculature appears hypertrophied. Care to guess?
Absence of bruising.
Let's find out.
Rigor mortis is full and extremely rigid. Liver mortis is posterior and fixed. Let's roll him.
That's good. Present on the bilateral buttocks are multiple fine punctures, with some surrounding faint purple ecchymosis.
Laceration noted at the base of the scalp. Uh, loss of blood from that laceration is significant but non-fatal.
Left eye socket appears swollen ... 
The black pus suggested a possible infection from an airborne agent. I took the precaution to get you out until Hazmat cleared the scene.
Actually, it's what I found - 
-- mucormycosis, a disease caused by exposure to rhizopus oryzae, a kind of mold.
Mm-hmm.
You're not at risk. You both have healthy immune systems. I suspect that's not the case with your vic.
His face collapsed from the inside. Mucor causes deterioration of the bones around the sinuses and eye sockets. You remember the swollen eyeball? The pus was pushing it out, while the bones that held it in place were getting eaten away.
The airborne mold spores enter the nasal cavity ... 
... and they consume sinus tissue as they multiply.
That's right.
Whatever happened to this boy wasn't pretty. First- and second-degree burns on several areas of exposed skin.
It's a possibility. He sustained several hematomas along his arms, together with a nasty skull fracture. I'm thinking child abuse.
No. Positional asphyxia. Check out his eyes. Heat damage. To all the respiratory mucosa, as well. I'd say this kid was in a small, hot space for quite a while. Closet with a radiator, boiler room ... 
I'm gonna need the drain pan.
This town isn't built for rain, hmm?
Come on, don't be shy. Take a good look. In the end ... it's all we really are.
Not in the drain pan.
Pulmonary edema, fluids in the air passages.
But the fact that the heart of the victim was a normal size, ... 
... and assuming tox doesn't show drug overdose, C.O.D. is most likely drowning, but I'm not gonna rule out blunt-force trauma.
Femur measurements make your victim around five foot six. Pubic arch, mm, sharply angled, less than 90-degrees, indicates male. I'll send it to Greg. He might be able to pull DNA.
Look at this. Incise defect on the left fifth rib. Incise defect on the left third rib.
Two separate strikes back to front would have punctured the lung.
I'll let you know.
Victim had incomplete formation of the second molar root tips, and his wisdom teeth hadn't erupted.
Yeah, approximately 13 to 15. 
Eye orbits rounded, almost oval. Nasal aperture narrow and tall, jawline flat. Likely caucasian. Uh, dental records are out to NCIC. That's all I've got. How'd Greg do?
Well, it's a bit of a long shot. Sewer's a chemical stew. Maybe Catherine will get lucky with missing persons.
Yeah, I did.
Mmm, sure, of course. But I thought you were asked to come home.
I hope she was worth it.
I don't know; I mean, you put your career on the line. I assume there's a woman involved.
All right; let's take a look at this. FX, OC-- that's a fractured osseocartilaginous -- that's a broken nose.
FX, ST, CL -- sternal clavicle, ... 
... and LAC, SDH on her head -- Lacerations and subdural hematomas.
It looks like exsanguination.
Beaten with something specific. The L.A. coroner noted repetitive patterned contusions.
Yeah, the coroner's assistant who prepped her body ... 
... collected a green, waxy substance under her fingernails.
Also, looks like he found concrete chunks in a bag tied to her waist.
Let's start with the stomach contents. They're fascinating. It reminded me of that scene in Jaws where Dreyfuss cuts open the shark's belly and all kinds of weird things come out.
Well, not quite.
Highlights include band-aids, wood chips, hair and half a snapshot.
Boo?
Trichotillomania would explain the pulling out and eating of hair.
Uh, I sent hair and blood samples to tox.
Stellate lacerations. Linear skull fracture extending into the calvarium. And contre-coup contusions to the frontal and temporal lobes.
No. Asphyxiation.
No. Coagulation of the blood tells me that the head trauma was post-mortem, at least two hours after he was suffocated.
I also found ligature marks on the wrists and ankles.
They showed up during the Y, peri-mortem. So, what, tortured? Tied up?
I dug it out of the right frontal cortex. The bullet lacerated the right occipital lobe. It crossed the mid-line, destroying the vital structures of the brain and bounced off the left frontal calvarium.
What, disappointed?
So shoot me.  Stellate tear means close contact. See the muzzle impression around the entrance wound?
Yeah, I measured the trajectory. Ten to 15 degrees left of vertical.
Which would make him a giant, except for this.
Abrasions on her knees.
Begging for her life.
Yeah. Traffic pile-up on I-15. 
Mm.
C.O.D.'S a one shot to the back of the head. Absence of gun powder and stippling suggests a non-contact wound. I dug this out.
You know, I got something you might find interesting. I emptied the stomach and she hadn't eaten for hours. 
A small amount of white zinfandel -- less than a glass, vintage undetermined, and a tiny scrap of meat. Take a look.
Surface tissue of a human tongue. Those are the taste buds.
This woman did not go gently into that good night.
Two dead bodies. Both were in perfect health.
There are two toxins which can turn a body pink postmortem. 
Which leaves one -- cyanide ingestion. Interesting fact about cyanide -- not everyone can smell it.
Unfortunately, I don't have that ability.
Stomach contents of both decedents. Hodges, start your sniffer.
Thank you.
It's already done.
Nothing on or in the body indicates cause of death. Nothing consistent with homicide whatsoever.
So, crop circles and tapeworms, you got quite a case.
I have T.O.D., about midday yesterday. Cause of death less definitive. Cuts and abrasions are superficial. There's no obvious anatomical defect. And at this point, I'm going to have to check the default -- cardiac arrhythmia.
Tox and vitreous lytes are all normal. That's all you're getting from me.
Well, Conrad, can I help you?
I posted three bodies and then I took a time-out.
A personal hour. A few weeks ago, my Siamese had kittens. I went by the house to check on 'em. They're just about weaned. You want one?
I'm just about to post him. Per my prelim, there was an abraded laceration to the right occipital scalp, and a penetration of the epithelium, but not the galea. It's not what killed him, but I'll know the full story once I open him up.
I saw David put him in here.
I'm not sure.
He had no reason to.
This is weird.
It's highly unlikely.
Six-one, brown hair and eyes, about 200 pounds are you sure? 
I've checked every mortuary and funeral home in the city, no luck.
David, are you familiar with the Latin word necrostuprum?
We didn't mislabel or misplace the body. Someone took it.
Absolutely, which means somebody wanted this particular body.
Someone went to a lot of trouble to steal James Billmeyer ... maybe there's a clue in his personal effects.
If I were, I would have printed the cooler.
Law enforcement personnel,  CSIs, paramedics, funeral home personnel, maintenance workers, hospital workers, janitors ... people that get lost in the building ...
Two pairs of socks, two pairs of underwear, two T-shirts.
Your powers of deduction are remarkable, detective.
Jacinda Hendler, call me. Written on an airline napkin.
You think?
Conrad. We found our body.
Yeah, Conrad, I'll get right on it.
Right.
Your decedent smells like a pine tree.
Yeah, he died of a heavy heart. Heart weighed 50 grams instead of
Oh, I know he was. I sent blood to tox ; he was taking atenolol. A heart that size, he was a walking time bomb.
Yup, our guy chugged a beer, after he died. Lungs were full of foam.
Wouldn't be my postmortem beverage of choice, but to each his own. So did you get any prints off that cooler drawer?
Well, there are a lot of intestines here, but no appendix, which made sense when I saw this. A cecum.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. Catherine ... has Nick's family been informed?
It's a damn shame they didn't get to him sooner.
You know, David, I've seen fire ant bites in my time, but never anything like this.
Do I think he suffered? Yes. Definitely.
All right. On three.
Dos ...
Would you care to do the y incision?
Mind your hands and feet.
Yes.
He won't be needing this anymore.
Nice.
Lung. 
No, no, he didn't live long enough for that. COD was asphyxiation.
When the blood oxygen drops to less than 16% and the CO2 builds up, there's a rapid loss of consciousness. Death within minutes with no disfiguring physical findings.
Oh, yes.
Good.
Your son had a good heart.
Well, there are a lot of intestines here, but no appendix, which made sense when I saw this. A cecum.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. Catherine ... has Nick's family been informed?
It's a damn shame they didn't get to him sooner.
You know, David, I've seen fire ant bites in my time, but never anything like this.
Do I think he suffered? Yes. Definitely.
All right. On three.
Dos ...
Would you care to do the y incision?
Mind your hands and feet.
Yes.
He won't be needing this anymore.
Nice.
Lung. 
No, no, he didn't live long enough for that. COD was asphyxiation.
When the blood oxygen drops to less than 16% and the CO2 builds up, there's a rapid loss of consciousness. Death within minutes with no disfiguring physical findings.
Oh, yes.
Good.
Your son had a good heart.
Young Alicia donated bone marrow at least twice. Pretty selfless thing to do once, considering how painful the procedure is.
Sounds like acute leukemia, but without immunophenotyping, I couldn't tell you what kind.
Cardiopulmonary arrest.
That's a little trickier. No solids in the stomach contents, just a milky liquid. Liver mortis was fixed and deep purple with a vitreous humor potassium level of 20 millimoles per liter with faint putrefaction. So, I'd say she's been dead about... 44 hours between midnight and 8:00 A.M., the day of her kidnapping.
Yep. Story's got more holes than her sister's bones.
Kids don't belong in the coroner's office unless they're in a drawer. You should've found a different way to deal with your daughter's rebellion.
Ever notice how childhood keeps getting shorter and shorter? Whose fault is that?
Come on. Nasal Spec.
It's okay, David. 
False alarm. We're clear.
David assessed a potentially infectious agent, and per protocol, he remained at the site and called it in.
You did the right thing.
There are forty-two distinct laser burns on Julie Stern's body.
Lasers cauterize the skin as they destroy tissue. Lack of blood and scabbing confirms their use, so best guess would be she recently underwent a cosmetic procedure.
Please tell me that has nothing to do with hunting wild game.
Well, five-star hotel's got to be cheaper than a hospital stay.
No. Histamine levels are normal. There's no post-op infection. But look at her fingernails.
I sent blood and hair samples to tox.
I'm not sure if it's probative, but I found ten cc's of urine in her stomach. Digestive system's intact. There are no bruises or abrasions in her mouth, so there's only one way it could have gotten there.
Mm-hmm.
This one's easy -- he drowned.
The termite fumigant entered his bronchioles causing his lungs to fill with fluid.
COD is pulmonary edema and respiratory arrest.
Have a look at this. 
Now check out Renita's face.
It's an acupuncture facial designed to reduce the signs of aging.
One of the most attractive women I've had on my table. But beauty's skin deep and inside, we all look pretty much the same.
Have you no poet in you?
Pulmonary edema due to drowning. I sent samples of the water in her lungs to trace. The abrasion's serious enough to cause loss of consciousness. You may want to look at this though. You want to come over here? Let's turn her over.
Four, uniform diameter, perimortem, non-lethal. No corresponding holes in her dress.
Collected lubricant from the labia. Which means, uh ... I don't know if she had a date with her husband or herself. I sent an SAE kit to DNA. Personal observation -  -- you don't wear la perla to a tupperware party.
Very expensive. I gave some to my wife once. She accused me of having an affair. You know, s*x on the steel.
Nope.
Heard your suspect's looking pretty good.
What about her?
Blunt-force trauma to the occipital region. No trace in the wound track.
Yeah. The impact's deep. Weapon was probably heavy. 
This all looks eerily familiar. Blue paint on the hand. Physical signs of sexual assault. Ligature marks around the neck.
She's still a Jane Doe.
Five-eight. 131 pounds.
Sure.
Pretty.
Definite similarity.
So, why these two?
Mistaken for a girl?
Standard SAE kit was collected. Physical finding of sexual activity. Unable to determine if consensual or rape. Collected heart blood sample. Preliminary tox indicates psilocybin, MDMA, and THC in the system. 
Green-colored fiber was collected from the nasal passages ... 
... to be forwarded to trace evidence for analysis. Vomitus mass was found in the throat and lungs and there was petecchial hemorrhaging of the lower eyelids. Preliminary C.O.D. appears to be mechanical asphyxia from aspiration of gastric content as a result of acute drug intoxication. Albert Robbins, M.E., Employee number 228369.
Mr. Jensen, your daughter's personal effects are at the front desk.
C.O.D. was asphyxia. Scarf lodged all the way down the esophagus, obstructing the epiglottis. Completely cut off her air.
Yeah, that makes sense. They suppress the gag reflex.
Would've been something like falling asleep.
Genital wounds were more profound than I expected.
Well, I was looking for ovaries and I found a prostate.
She had genital reassignment surgery.
Exactly? Her testicles were removed and her pen1s was inverted, creating a v*g1n*.
Severed carotid and jugular complex. Uh, incised wounds are almost surgical in nature. Used an extremely sharp weapon. Vicious attack. Probably from someone emotionally involved.
Best estimate, between 8:00 and midnight. I collected a standard SAE kit.
Piano wires. They're used to mobilize the lower part of the abdominal skin and anchor the neo-vagina, so it can heal in place.
The surgeon stuffs the portal with a cylinder wrapped in gauze to hold its shape while it heals, and sutures it.
Well, after five days, the v*g1n* is un-sutured, and the wires are removed. Scarring indicates multiple surgeries.
She appears to have gone in for repair due to infection.
Maybe someone wasn't taking their hormones.
It's a myth that hair grows after death. What happens is, the skin contracts, revealing whiskers.
Contraction of the erector pilae muscles, combined with fixed lividity, indicates time of death was at least two days ago.
Yeah, sad as this is, it presents as accidental. Loss of blood due to hemorrhaging. Pelvic artery was severed. My theory: Surgery one, they botched. Round two, they repaired her to death.
Hey, how's Bobby doing?
Well, fortunately, Bobby dodged his bullet -- unlike our victim.
C.O.D's a single gunshot wound to the leg.
And most suicides are through the torso or through the head.
Greg ... insert this rod into the hole.
Trajectory is up to down.
No wallet. Prints didn't hit. No relatives came forward. So, I'm calling him John Doe Number 124.
Female's lungs were filled with soot. COD is smoke inhalation. 
Yeah, male didn't even last that long. His lungs were clean, but he suffered fatal crushing injuries to his abdomen. 
Fully developed skeletal structure consistent with an adult male. The medial end of the clavicle's almost fused. Suggests he's about 25 years old. Lack of prognathism indicates he's Caucasian. The female, however, is Prognathic ...  ... and that suggests Negroid. Unfused epiphysial ends make her a teenager.
Gunshot wounds are most likely COD for both. Female shows an entry wound at the rear of the skull. Exit wound took off most of her face.
Male has no exit wound, but the entry wound ... is pretty obvious.
Bullet never left the skull.
Hypertrichosis. I've only read about it. Excessive hair growth. Genetic. Extremely rare. His case was relatively mild. In some individuals, hair grows everywhere except the eyes and the mouth.
In Mexico, there's a family thirty members are afflicted. Two of the teen boys were recently adopted by the National Circus.
I cleared a path for the bullet. 
I figured you'd want to get this to ballistics ASAP.
You know, Gil, we're all intrigued by our nightmares, and when we watch freak shows, basically we're all thinking the same thing.
David didn't notice the victim's lividity at the crime scene because it was obscured by his body hair. But when we shaved him ... well, check out his left side.
Correct, but he was found face up.
There's more. Vic was found on a hardwood floor, but when David brushed his body hair for trace, he found blue carpet fibers.
Hayden was shot through the chest; it would have exsanguinated on impact. Any blood in the sister's room?
Fluoroscope detected no bullets. But there are peri-mortem bruises on his wrists and forearms, look like defensive wounds.
The weapon went pretty deep. Punctured the femoral artery. I'd say he bled out in a matter of minutes, if his dilated pupils are an indication of amphetamines in his system. The faster the heart rate, the faster the blood pumps. Now, for the details. The fatal blow. Weapon appears to have a triangular shape. Angle of entry was upwards.
I'm sorry.
All right, areas of callus here. Old fractures ... ribs ... 
Yeah, I'll yank it in autopsy.
It's a nose cage.
Nose has been wired to the skull to hold it in place.
We find them sometimes in boxers, accident victims ...
Yeah. Deformed, medium caliber, consistent with a .38. Take a look at the heart.
Bullet passed into the base of the right ventricle, crossed the intraventricular septum and destroyed the av node.
Right. Bullet then exited out the back of the left ventricle and entered the vertebral spine, transecting the spinal cord.
Negative. He would have been paralyzed instantly.
You are O-for-two. Check out the brain.
Nope.
From the absence of blood, I'd say that this shot was at least ten minutes after the shot through the heart.
Well, maybe Lois' memory is a little flawed.
From the containment of the blood, it appears she was shot while lying down.
She was the double-kiss girl.
Except for these smudges on her eyelids. 
C.O.D. was hyper-extension of the neck with a rotational snap, resulting in a ruptured vertebral artery, mid-cervical.
Yeah.
That's why I don't think the accident did it. The injury was more consistent with a stranglehold.
The head was rapidly twisted relative to the spinal column.
She would have been dead within a minute. Whoever killed this poor kid knew what they were doing.
A brand is a kind of contract.
In that case, it signifies ownership. To a Maori tribesman, or a marine, it signifies belonging.  Did you get a liver temp?
Yeah. One eye is much more desiccated than the other.
Take samples from both.
The eye is sequestered space. Changes that happen in the blood after death happen more slowly in the vitreous. Could give us more accurate levels.
The optic nerve's been severed.
An eye transplant's just the cornea; it's not the whole eye. David, check the other eye.
Well, clip it. Nick, send both eyes to DNA.
Pull up a chair. It's been a long, strange trip for this poor girl. I found puncture wounds around her glandular areas, from large-gauge needles commonly used to draw out fluids.
I'm not sure. I found it in her teeth. Could be from her last meal. Also, another surprise: She had a D &amp; C.
Well, maybe polyps, hyperplasia.
And how. Starvation shrinks a lot of things, but not your organs.
Which explains why I couldn't find the liver. There's not much left.
Necrotizing faciitis. I've never seen anything like this.
Typically streptococcus enters through an open wound and starts eating through the skin, then uses the blood stream as a conduit to reach the internal organs.
In her case, the bacteria started in her blood stream. Means her skin is fine.
We're trying to find out.
Go ahead.
No, she was found like this.
There was some scarring on her pelvic bones, but given the condition of the body, it's hard to say for sure.
I'm not gonna be able to determine COD until he's completely defrosted, and that could take a while.
To the core? Two solid days. His heart's completely frozen. Before the Y, I found bruises and puncture wounds all over his body.
Yep. Same as Zoe. So is this.
I can't confirm COD.
His bones are fractured; check out the femur.
Well, that's right, but check out the chips in the skull.
Very good. So, if we didn't know better, fire could be the cause of death.
You see the blood spot on the interior of the forehead?
As far as I know, fire can't explain a subdural hematoma.
Our victim suffered blunt force trauma, prior to going up in flames.
Caroline did not go gently.
Ten on her right forearm.
Another three on the left.
And several more on the palms.
Catherine, there are tears on her labia and hymen. Too much time's passed to check for semen, but she was raped.
Yeah. Caroline was stabbed four times: twice to the abdomen, one to the spleen, one to the intercostal artery. No vital organs were penetrated, which means she would have bled to death slowly. 
Yeah, right over there.
You can't really predict this job. Today it's like this, tomorrow it's a bus accident. So I am here.
Yeah?
Female arson fatality. COD is smoke inhalation. Partial tox came back carboxyhemoglobin and cyanide.
Blood's on its way to tox.
Uh ... nothing comes to mind, but I'll check my files, confer with Toxicology.
Yeah.  A slow day is a good day.
Women are four times more likely than men to be the victims of a sex-related murder. And men are ten times more likely than women to be the murderer. It's just the way it is.
Beneath this laceration, ... 
... I found a complex fracture of the occipital bone. Multiple shards of bone were driven into the occipital lobe of the brain, resulting in massive bleeding. The cause of death was cerebral hemorrhage, consistent with a single, sharp blow to her head.
Before you ask, no, I did not find her third eye.
Center-mass shot front to back. Large caliber bullet. Clipped her aorta. COD was exsanguination. She bled out.
There's no signs of infection but I did find trace amounts of a white powder in her nasal cavities and lungs. Possibly cocaine-induced hyperthermia. I ordered a full drug panel and sent a sample to Hodges. It could be a hallucinogen. In some native cultures, shamans use peyote to call forth visions.
Really thin, high-bridge nose. All indicate caucasoid.
Well, so far, everything's consistent with Claire Wallace. Unfortunately, because she was in a metal box in the desert, DNA's not likely viable. I sent samples of the long bones to Wendy anyway, but I don't expect results.
The, uh, killer knocked out most of her teeth. Roots are still in the bone. She was brutalized.
I noted three separate and distinct fractures: One on the right side ... and two distinct fractures on the left side. We were able to identify the missing skull fragments, but when I tried to fit them back together, I couldn't. There was deformation of the bones. Pre- or peri-mortem, the human skull has an elastic quality, so when there's a fracture, the pieces will change shape. But post-mortem, the bone is brittle, and when it's fractured, the pieces retain their shape. It's not unlike breaking a vase or a bowl.
The pieces all fit together like a jigsaw puzzle.
So based on the fractures to her skull, it appears she was struck in the head three separate times, and since the pieces won't fit back together, blunt force trauma to her skull is your COD.
Julian Harper. If it weren't for the cyanosis, I'd say he was doing a photo shoot for GQ.
Body temp's 95.
That would make TOD approximately 3:00 A.M.
Yeah, no edema. Some petechia. Could be suffocation or strangulation. But no ligature marks or bruising. However ... 
... some fibers under the chin.
It's for my scrapbook. I've got a perfect spot for him -- a place of honor between Tupac and Entwhistle.
Tox shows low levels of cocaine, alcohol and Prevalis. Rules out overdose.
Asphyxia.
I don't know. No broken hyoid. That and the absence of ligature marks or bruises makes strangulation unlikely.
Nope.
Or maybe they came from whoever he was rolling around with in bed. Found, uh, lubricant on his genitals, probably from a condom, and minor abrasions on his pen1s, indicative of vigorous, prolonged activity.
Mm-hmm.
Samay Thao. I don't even need to open him up to guess COD. 
Ocular inflammation. Laceration of the sclera. Hurts like hell when you get a grain of sand in your eye. Imagine this.
Bad night for Laotians.
Solo traffic collision on Mount Charleston. Came in early this morning. Noy Vipraxay.
Does it mean something to you?
Sounds like your double's becoming a triple.
Well, first off ...
... looks like he is a she, and something crushed her legs.
That's your job.
Drive-by?
Based on my dissection, I've detected two separate events.
I believe that this puncture wound happened first.
The object lacerated a cerebral artery, creating a subdural hematoma. 
Then subsequent blows to her skull, from a ride behind the car, created additional fractures, which caused a few bleeding on the brain, resulting in her death. 
Yeah. I autopsied the Fatellis' original victim. They're sadists. 
First Remy James is dragged behind the Cadillac, and when he wouldn't talk, they shot him in every joint. And when he still wouldn't talk, they finished him off with a shot to the head. The Fatellis don't mostly kill someone.
I found extensive contusion involving the anterior aspect of the neck with hemorrhage in all the strap muscles. The thyroid, cricoid and arytenoids cartilages are all multiply fractured.
The hyoid bone is fractured as well.
Yeah. COD is asphyxiation due to obstruction of the airway. Took a few minutes to die.
Well, I enhanced the contusion on the neck using UV photography.
Looks like there's a defined edge on the weapon.
Well, tox detected methamphetamine, sildenafil and oxycodone.
Where was that on my wedding night?
Judy and I deal with our marital problems a little differently -- counseling, separate vacations once a year. 
She's never pulled a gun on me yet.
She's only been dead a few hours. Signs of s*x prior to death. No vaginal trauma to suggest it wasn't amicable.
Well, maybe you were right. It wasn't the husband. But no semen, so I'd only be speculating.
Single gunshot wound. Based on powder burns and stipling, ... 
... muzzle was placed inside the mouth ...
Bullet then fragmented in her head.
Yeah, shooter wanted to make sure he didn't miss.
Gil ... have you ever even been close to getting married?
Hmm.
Hey, Sara, you're working the office shooting, right?
Autopsy reports on the two DB's. Grissom wanted them ASAP, and I was in the neighborhood.
Somebody at the office get knifed?
Kind of looks like a knife wound.
Really?  This is an irregular laceration with no defining features. A grazing GSW is usually accompanied by some marginal abrasion. There's none here.
Yeah, lots of things. Something sharp.
Hmm. What's this blue discoloration?
Mm-hmm.
Petecchial hemorrhaging. Could be from vomiting or asphyxiation.
Well, based on the lack of rigor, TOD's three or four hours ago; tell you more after we clean him up and open him up.
No apparent gunshot wounds on the vic.
This man's organs were displaced. It's similar to the way a pregnant woman's internal organs get rearranged to compensate for her expanding uterus.
I don't know. But either way, it must have been agonizing.
There's a bullet hole ... COD, shot to the head with this.
That's a cannon.
There's evidence of sexual activity in every orifice, including his ears.
No. We've got pubic hairs, vaginal secretions.
Would you care to move on to stomach contents?
Well, the main course was enough alcohol and cake to cater a wedding.
Alone, maybe none of it would've been fatal, but taken all together ... 
Among other things.
Becky Lester, 32. Final meal, pasta. I can't tell you the variety of the noodle, but there was a white sauce with clams. And I found some blood in her stomach. Her tongue was lacerated perimortem.
I sent a blood sample to Tox and Nick asked for teeth impressions. Husband claims she's a biter. Fine line between pleasure and pain. But who doesn't like to cross it every once in a while, right?
Anyway, um, I don't know if it's probative, but there's semen in her vaginal vault. Sperm motility and positive acid phosphates suggest intercourse approximately six to 12 hours prior to death.
Exsanguination from five lacerations: two to the forehead, one to the right temple, and two to the occipital bone.
Yes, but I'd expect to see hand fractures as a result of the impact, and there are none.
Sure, but if the husband bludgeoned her, there'd be fractures to the skull.
None.
Come on, after five years, at least they don't smell anymore.
Right.
If you two don't mind ... we'd like some alone time.
Just completed my prelim, but check this out. Subgaleal hemorrhages, consistent with lacerations to the occipital bone.
If my full autopsy confirms murder, you may be looking at the first serial stairway killer.
This is a blood clot. Take a look.
Comes from deep within the parenchyma. The first wife had a stroke and it was fatal.
Perimortem.
Well, I can't tell you about the second wife, but this was a natural.
Hi, there, Nick. I've lost count as to how many broken bones this guy has. Multiple fractures to the spine, ribs, pelvis, skull. Multiple lacerations and contusions. No vital response to the injuries.
Yep.
Nick, it took a lot of people to do this.
Hey, Nick.
Eleven total. And it's hot. You got to move.
Depressed fracture.
That would do it.
Well, it's hard to say. Desert heat, locked in a trunk ... both can make liver temp actually rise.
Given the degree of decomp, it appears that he died before the others. I can run some chemical tests, but that's going to take some time.
Gives new meaning to strapped for cash.
I didn't find any undigested pills in the victims' stomachs.
Gunshot wound to the chest.  Though it appears to have gone through his hand first.
Contact wound on the boy. 
Rinsed and ready for you.
No mystery here. Penetrating gunshot wound to the right temple killed our virgin Mary. I sent the bullet to ballistics.
Hymen's intact, which means she's never had intercourse. But she gave birth ... caesarean scar. 
Well, the most obvious explanation would be frottage.
In s*x ed, Nick, they teach that rubbing body parts is safe. But since the hymen's not a barrier to semen, there's still a risk of pregnancy, not to mention STDs.
It's all about gravity.
Sergeant Adams, I'm sorry for your loss. If you'd like a few minutes to say good-bye ...
Medium caliber bullet -- transected the femoral artery.
Take a look. What's missing?
Look closer.
Right.
Bingo. The wound was not immediately fatal. It took a while.
David, it is what it is.
Glad you're here. I'd like to get this one off my table. Found a rather large contusion the left chest just below the nipple.
It's like getting kicked by a mule. You'll want to see this. Through-and-through.  Entrance wound just below his left ear, exited below and to the front of his right ear, severing the right common carotid.
That's your COD. Fortunately, he never felt a thing.
Mm-hmm.
Are you saying Bell was hit by friendly fire?
Asphyxia due to mechanical compression of the lungs due to gastric dilatation.
His stomach expanded, leaving no room for the organs. It's going to keep me on my diet for a couple more weeks. Let's take a look.
Ooh, the guy was a walking buffet.
Cuticle's are inflamed and still intact. They weren't pulled off. They were bitten down ... At first I thought tortured and force-fed, but the usual signs of force feeding are absent. No abrasions on the mucosal surface of the lips. No aspirated food in the airways.
He ate himself to death.
Yeah, the bullet penetrated the base of the brain and lodged in the occipital lobe. The hemorrhage was intracranial.
Yeah, the scalp abrasion was probably incidental.
That's understandable -- the entry wound wasn't visible -- but check this out.
Some people will put anything up their nose.
It's possible, which is another reason I prefer cats.
Little late to be going to court.
That's nice, but if you're looking for something to tide you over, look no further.
Busy night. Figured the lab could use a little lovin' from the oven.
I made the pie. Strawberry rhubarb.
Just try it.
You know, it's vegan. Low fat, low sugar, low carb ... 
Catherine, Catherine, come here. I need your opinion on this.
Try this.
It's good.
Yao Ming is Chinese. Try it.
Standard SAE was collected. No signs of sexual trauma indicated.
Several linear red-brown abrasions on the chest and back. Marginal contusions. Palpable underlying rib and sternal fractures.
Huh, Rice Krispies. Subcutaneous emphysema.
Air in the tissue indicates victim was most likely subjected to significant crushing force across the torso.
Her liver was lacerated. If she'd been alive when the crushing occurred, these lacerations would of resulted in hemoperitoneum and, uh, bilateral hemothorax.
But there was no significant hemorrhage in the abdominal or thoracic cavities.
Yeah, COD was temporal laceration of the brain due to skull fracture. Initially, I assumed it was associated with a crushing trauma. It wasn't.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Could be a dancer or a gymnast.
Okay, who's in the burrito?
What's this?
This blood corrupts any GSR. Clean it up.
Either side at this point. According to Tox, BAC was point-one-nine.
My guess, based on the whiffing the stomach contents, tequila.
Tox also found alprazolam in his bloodstream.
Hmm. Hand me that trajectory rod.
Thank you.
Sara, hold this in would you?
Here we go.
However he got it, he probably would've been too stoned to stand.
Look in there.
I think so. I found them in the oral cavity, but not in the stomach contents. 
The only one I hear complaining about it is you.
Your cement lady's approximately 40 to 45 years old. COD is exsanguination due to laceration of the right ventricle. Wound seven centimeters long, five millimeters wide.
Well, it passed into the heart-- 
with a, uh, point of entry midline just below the xiphoid process.
I just said that.
If I knew, I would've told you. I got to get to work. Taxpayers are getting their money's worth tonight.
Yeah, Cath, it's Doc Robbins.
I reviewed the autopsy photos on all three victims.
The wounds appear consistent in all three cases. Vics were stabbed in the chest, and then presumably while choking on their own blood, they were shot. COD for each: single GSW to the head.
And what can I do for you?
It's going to be a while. I haven't even opened her up yet.
COD was asphyxiation due to strangulation, but it wasn't quick. The overlapping patterns of fours and ones suggest multiple events.
I imaged subcutaneous bruises under UV from several positions around the throat. Killer choked and released at least three times. That's consistent with sexual asphyxiation. SAE is about what you'd expect. Vaginal trauma, no semen, but traces of spermicide. Guy used a condom.
Well, blood was positive for MDMA.
Yep.
You got it.
Keppler?
Didn't they give you an office?
I prefer things quiet myself. Of course, I am a pathologist.
I reviewed that Jane Doe autopsy from '75.
Well, I'm sure the original examination was, too. ME was a hack named Sam Barnard. He, uh, retired a little while after I started. Once saw him do a Y with a scalpel in one hand and a hot dog in the other.
He was known for liking hot dogs.
You know, if you really want to figure out what killed your Jane Doe, there's pretty much only one thing we can do.
See the sutured cut across the top of her head and the Y-incision?
It's because they're not there.
What can I say? He was a lazy b*st*rd.
Well, if you want to tell him, I can dig him up, too.
Check out the hyoid bone. 
Yeah, it doesn't take much force to do it, so it's possible there were no external marks. But our girl was strangled.
Well, Veronica Sorensen had a similar filling in her mouth.
Very good observation, David. Shave the area. Call Sara. We may be looking at a homicide.
COD was blunt force trauma to the right temporal region.
Wound's inconsistent with a fall.  You fall into something, say a coffee table, wound's always deeper on one end.
Depth here is uniform.  I'm sorry. Tox confirms high level of heroin, cocaine, methamphetamine in her system. I opened up her arm under a fresh needle mark, drew out one milliliter of dark liquid. 
The drugs were puddled. Means they didn't circulate in her bloodstream. Injection was postmortem.
Right.
I'm in the middle of an autopsy, Catherine.
That's fine. Just photograph and diagram it before transporting.
Kentworth. You have that number?
Hey, Nick.
I haven't seen them.
Uh, it hasn't come in yet. It was a mortuary pickup. 
It's Monique Carter. Heroin addict, got whacked on the head.
If she was, nobody told me.
I'll get right on it.
Those aren't bones.
ABC piping is sometimes used to replace bones that have been donated for transplants.
Right.
Not that I've seen.
They took the heart valves, too.
That's big business -- disc replacement, joint replacement, bypasses-- more demand than supply.
Organ donation is heavily regulated. Bone and tissue aren't.
At this point, indeterminate. All I can say right now is based on the level of decomp, he's been dead at least a week.
Whoever did this, must've been pretty angry. 
You got it. Fractured skull, broken nose, cheek bones. Take a look. Defensive wounds consistent with a cylindrical object.
That'll do the trick. But the death blow came in the neck area. Impacted her Adam's apple with so much force, ... 
... it sent a flex arch to the vagus nerve, causing a stimulus to the heart. Bradycardia set in, causing the heart to slow and eventually to stop.
Robbins here. Want a COD on your Frankenstein?
Not according to histology. Roger Lapinsky died of leukemia. 
Sure. Roger Lapinksy died of leukemia.
Post-mortem tool marks to the left wrist. No vital reactions from the tissue. Cuts are scalloped, definitely a serrated blade. Not a bad job.
David printed the right hand. No hits on AFIS. Lucky for you, like many young ladies her age, she had some surgical work done. Feel these.
What do you think?
The other end.
Single gunshot to the back, just to the right of the spinal column. Bullet severed the aorta, lodged inside the sternum.
I removed these from Detective Graves. Large caliber, too.
Yeah, Gil, uh, got a good idea on COD for your asphyxiated officer.
Internal organ color nailed it on both the autopsy and necropsy as ...
You know, nobody likes when you do that. So, how did CO get into the room?
I pulled these fibers out of her nasal passages.
COD was asphyxiation. Now ... what is wrong with this brain?
Bingo ... or keno or whatever you prefer. Pronounced lack of pigmentation near the midbrain, along with ... clearly diminished substantia nigra. She had Parkinson's.
Her disease was advanced. She was on some pretty heavy meds.
No, but those kinds of medications can cause abnormal thinking and behavior. Takes somebody with a very strong will to keep it hidden.
Did you hit her over the head? Because COD is epidural hemorrhage caused by a blow to the top of the skull.
The blood clot pushed against the brain, which compressed the respiratory centers.
Her brain stopped telling her body to breathe, and she died.
I extracted about 150 cc's of partially clotted blood. Would have taken at least a day to form, maybe longer.
Well, that's not the only secret she was keeping. She swallowed something rather unusual, --
-- and she had crabs.
All six victims had ligature marks on their ankles and wrists. Jenn Smith was the only one with rib fractures. She took some abuse. Except for Becca Mayford, COD was exsanguination through incised wounds to the neck with a sharp-edged instrument.
Well, in her case, there was only a partial transection of the jugular. Shallower cut, slower bleed.
She must've applied pressure to her wound. That would've bought her some time.
Sara, there's nothing you could've done.
Well, she has a C-section uterine scar. Hairline, almost invisible.
Well, she gave birth some time ago.
Not with Cammie. I found semen in the vaginas of Emily Wilson and Lauren Walderson. Both had mild reddening and some superficial abrasion at the vaginal introitus. They could have had consensual s*x in the hours prior to the attack. This young lady was raped.
Rebecca Mayford had lacerations at three o'clock. Contusions extended from four to eight and ten to twelve.
No. But, uh, look at these puncture wounds. Stab wounds have a large cutting component to the margins. Several of these stabs have additional tracks through the organ, suggesting a partial withdrawal and re-thrust of the blade.
Not quite. He left something behind.
She had atlanto-occipital dislocation, a basilar skull fracture and contre-coup injuries from bouncing her head on the ground. COD is craniocerebral trauma.
They are. The right wrist was broken. Take a look at the shoulder. The humeral head's in front of the usual articulation. Completely dislocated.
Whatever it was, the dragging went on a while. Abrasions on her elbows, ribs, and kneecaps go down to the bone.
What about them?
You mean these?
Hmm. Irides Brown. No apparent puncture wounds, abrasions or lacerations. COD appears to be drowning.
Right. Based on decomp, I'd put TOD around 48 hours ago.
Yeah, he's going to be a stinker. You want a mask?
What the hell?
Rat!
Get im! Get im! 
Nice work.
I hate rats.
It's a wild animal covered with potentially biohazardous material with claws. Rabies, scabies, AIDS, hepatitis. I'm thinking of this suit as a giant rubber glove.
The vic's intestines? What are you doing?
Pestilence, alive and well.
Yes.
Good to know.
No.
Lousy varmints.
b*st*rd hit the main line.
My guess would be black tar heroin.
Boxers all end up the same--beaten, broken and forgotten.
Genitals are distended and patchy and covered with large red welts. Testicles are swollen, roughly three times the average size. Scrotum is filled with fluid. It's consistent with cardio edema or an STD. Maybe an infection of some kind.
Okay, I'll just slice the scrotal sack and draw out a fluid sample.
Yeah. Probably a fracture. Wouldn't surprise me if there was a hematoma to go along with it.
Understand you'll be talking to the girl who crowbarred the boxer.
Yeah? Well actually I'm with him right now. And that blow to the head wouldn't do him much good. But it's definitely not what killed him. 
The blow to the forehead caused bruising to the right frontal lobe. It's significant, but definitely sub-lethal by itself.
Just old scar tissue. See it on boxers all the time. It's impossible to know what kind of brain damage the guy was already living with.
In addition to the brain trauma and the holes in his throat, he has needle marks on his thighs, arms and buttocks. I don't know for certain what he was shooting up. Still waiting for tox.
His lungs were partially filled with blood and water. However, the neck wound transected the trachea below the epiglottis.
So the air and the water could have entered passively postmortem.
No, it seems more like a straight-through puncture. The bruising here is more developed than here. At this point, all I can say for sure is the neck wound occurred before the blow to the head.
Well, then I am sorry to ruin your day, but I certainly appreciate the company. Your guy might be the shooter ... but he's not the killer.
I mean ... It's not him.
Happy was on the verge of anaphylactic shock. His trachea was almost completely blocked.
And then he got shot.
The arrow reopened his airway-- 
-- in essence gave him an emergency tracheotomy.
Apparently.
Whatever comes right before zero.
Not entirely. The epiglottal tissues are only slightly swollen, which suggests the anaphylaxis had enough time to subside.
Not now, David.
I didn't find any seafood in his stomach or small intestine. Just six and a half pounds of undigested red meat. 
Don't bother. You can't charge either one.
On secondary examination of the body, I noticed a patch of necrotic skin on the right calf. Looked like a bite of some kind. 
So I sent blood off for prothrombin time and blood venom ratio.
It came back positive for snake venom.
Sort of-- Happy had Western Diamondback Rattlesnake venom in his system -- the real deal -- but it wasn't from a bite.
I histo-ed the wound and checked the cross-section.
Snake bite punctures are typically curved ...
As you can see, the tissue around he wound was pretty badly degraded.
Look what he used on the incision.
Yeah, he used it to close up the laceration from a sharp force perimortem wound. Corresponds to the indentation in the skull.
Give me the rest of the body and I can tell you.
Yeah, I heard. A sword -- everyone's talking about this one. 
Why would anybody want to taxidermy a human head?
That, I can tell you. Mounted one myself. A deer-- Dad was a hunter. First, our guy had to separate the head from the body. For that, he used a serrated-edge knife.
Dad used a carving knife, same one we used at Thanksgiving. When mom found out, she almost killed him with it.
Yeah, so then ... he had to flesh the skin away from the underlying muscle.
Next, he would've stretched the skin out on a board, -- 
-- rubbed it with rock salt ...
... then waited two days. Then he tanned the skin to preserve it,
-- hydrated it with a borax and water solution to keep the bugs off.
Next, he cleaned the skull, filled the imperfections with clay, sawdust, anything at hand. Popped in two glass eyes, and then ...
Yeah, I'll get it over to CSI.
I found it embedded in this. T-9 vertebra.
Yeah, heart, lung, and then the dome of the liver. That's your COD. 
Yeah, pelvis is female. No duplicate bones. The femur's the same length as the one the pigs were chomping on. It's her.
No, canine-induced insomnia. We're fostering some puppies-- Jack Russells. Had me up all night. How about a puppy to keep you company?
Okay, uh, blunt force trauma to the left temporal region of the skull. The skull's fractured.
No, but I found these imbedded in the skull.
Well, it's possible. But if she was standing when she was hit, I'd expect to find pedestrian fractures on her legs. And there are no run-over marks, so she wasn't in a prone position.
She was somewhere in-between.
COD's a single gunshot wound to the lower lumbar region. Bullet entered here and then traveled slightly upward.
Well, that's the fun part. He didn't die from the initial wound. It entered through his back and then penetrated the inferior vena cava.
It traveled through that vessel into his right lung. It's called a bullet embolus. 
And it's hard to find. Most medical examiners would have missed it.
The gun that won the West. That bullet is from a 20th Century, high-capacity, semi-automatic pistol. I ... see a lot of bullets.
There was some scarring on her pelvic bones, but given the condition of the body, it's hard to say for sure.
You have another theory?
Right.
You think I overlooked something? You know, I asked for an expanded tox panel. It came back clean as a whistle.
Maybe not.
No. But I can find out.
The nuclear streaming indicates that Trevor Dell was subjected to a significant electrical current. 
The shock must have sent him into convulsions, resulting in several impact injuries.
If I could tell you that, you'd be out of a job.
Yeah, she drowned, all right. Slight petechial hemorrhaging in both eyes.
When was the last time you took a nap in Grissom's tub? Take a look.
And she ... 
Impressive that it remained intact.
So take a look at this. 
The multiple embedded small rocks present in the neck area. 
Also in the parietal and occipital scalp, suggest she landed head first. Extremity fractures, rib fractures, spine fracture -- all consistent with a fall. Multiple abrasions on the arms and legs. So I am guessing most were sustained before hitting the ground.
Yeah. Which could explain these abrasions.
Severe lacerations on the backs of both hands and a broken right middle finger.
Hey, Nick.
David's on a pickup, and he's got another two lined up after that. He's going for some sort of record.
What was going through his mind just before he crashed into the police cruiser? I want to die today and take somebody with me?
Nothing.
Got a wallet.
Mr. Russell Caris.
He has dried blood on his hands and on the steering wheel but no bleeding wounds that could have contributed to it.
Here you go.
Why wouldn't he have thrown that knife away?
This is natural selection. The dumb ones die.
Sergeant Jack Day was in top condition except for the single stab wound to his chest. Knife entered the fourth intercostal space, transected the fourth intercostal muscle, and the left internal mammary artery. COD's exsanguination.
Interesting case. He has intense erythema of the tracheal mucosa extending down into the main stem bronchi.
No. You get it from inhalation of some caustic poison or drug. I sent samples to Tox.
Well, the impact of the accident caused the first cervical vertebrae to tear away from his skull, lacerating the brain stem.
Exactly.
It was a jagged, sharp force injury to the base of the neck on the right side. Wound extends down and left laterally from the right shoulder to the left hip. Wound becomes shallow and then separates into individual incisions.
Directionality of the individual wounds is from bottom to top.
Mm-hmm.
Leaving downward wounds instead of the upward wounds you see here.
Vasco Ruiz was someone's punching bag. He suffered multiple abrasions, lacerations, contusions. I found no particular patterns, sharp edges or tool marks from any weapons.
He had too many bruises to count, one on top of another. And under the skin, things get even worse.
Long bone fractures of the fingers, radius, ulna, humerus.
Rib fractures, flail chest. Fractures of the vault and base of skull. Almost every bone in his face.
Somewhere along the way, he took a shot to the head that resulted in a subdural hematoma. COD is multiple blunt force trauma.
Not even Mike Tyson.
Time of death was sometime between 2:00 and 4:00. Nasty head wound. She was actively bleeding, so she had to have been alive when she was tied to the cross. Good chance she died of suffocation.
Well, Jesus had a footrest. He was able to lift himself up and take short breaths. But this young lady was hanging. Her pectoral muscles probably became paralyzed and the intercostal muscles were unable to function. She was able to breathe out, but not breathe in.
In time, carbon dioxide built up in her lungs and bloodstream. Edema built up in the chest cavity. Heart went into fibrillation.
No sand in his nasal passages or lungs. He was dead before he was buried.
Consistent in position and pressure with CPR. Also found air in his stomach.
If you don't tilt the head back, the trachea doesn't open. It forces air into the stomach instead of the lungs and that's bad CPR.
Well, maybe he didn't mean to kill him. His pupils were dilated. 
I found a subdural hematoma in the left frontal lobe. That's your preliminary cause of death. I sent samples to Tox, of course.
Except that, by itself, the head injury wouldn't have been immediately fatal or necessarily incapacitating. But, yeah, he would've had a headache.
Multiple lacerations on face, neck shoulders. If it weren't for the couple dozen glass fragments I tweezed out, I'd say somebody went to town on her with a straight razor. COD is exsanguinations due to sharp force injury to the jugular-carotid complex, but she was already on her way out.
Cannonballs of tumors on her lungs.
Or else she wanted to die with a cigarette in her mouth.
I guarantee you, this lady was in pain. She must have been taking something for it.
Well, there's a big market for that stuff now. I'll get her medical records.
There was a large laceration where Demetrius James' head hit the ground when he fell. Underlying that wound was a fracture of the occipital bone, which crosses at the base of the skull. The motion of the impact caused the brain to collide with the bony protrusions inside the skull, resulting in what we call contra-coup contusions. There was also prominent cerebral edema -- or swelling -- as well as hemorrhages of the brain stem.
Blunt force trauma to the head following a motor vehicle collision.
Yes.
A homicide.
DNA's been sent out, but this is one case where I don't need to wait for results.
And both ... wore the same watch, too.
Some people like it. I'm a twin.
Well, I was. My twin died in utero. My mother didn't tell me about it until I was an adult. When I decided to become a coroner, she blamed herself. She said it was because I'd spent so many days living next to a dead body.
Right. Right. Jill has petechia around the eyes, bruising around the neck, and a broken clavicle. All consistent with a hanging. And I extracted these from Amanda.
One went straight to the heart. The other penetrated the right lung. Sharp shooter or close range.
Not quite. Amanda was a couple hours ahead of her sister.
It wasn't suicide. These bruises developed postmortem. Two on the front, eight on the back.
Murder.
Excuse me?
Hello. Who are you?
No, I don't think so. I know everybody that works here, and I don't know you.
You're lying. Give me that camera.
Now.
Security!
Papparazzi.
Book that moron. Keep the camera.
Hey.
Really? Who'd you hear that from?
They're classics.
So ... uh ... people were talking about me?
I know her.
She and Felix were very philanthropic. I admired both of them.
No. He left first.
Sometime between Louie Louie and You Really Got Me. 
Well, it was just before the end of our third set. We broke at 10:00. Just before that.
For a little while.
I didn't see her after that. Guess it was around 10:30.
Definitely perimortem. Right around time of death.
No.
I'm just not used to seeing them alive.
Catherine.
PBR Sports Medicine just sent this over. Taken after Cody's fall in competition.
Hmm. He was held together by every kind of hardware but roofing nails. I can relate.
You sound like a fan.
Hey.
Thank you.
Catherine, take a look at this.
This x-ray shows he walked away from his earlier fall with a hairline fracture of the C1 vertebra.
In bull riding, the rider's spine must sustain vertical, horizontal and diagonal thrust, together if they put tremendous force onto the spinal column.
It did.
The film David just took shows a complete fracture. That's your COD. Consistent with getting thrown a second time.
Rib fractures, multiple lacerations, pulmonary contusions, lacerated aorta, lacerated liver. I could go on, but you get the idea.
Right, but not all of it was from the hit-and-run.
You see the coloration of the bruises?
They're from an event at least 12 hours before the accident.
Who's in charge of the scene?!
Albert Robbins, Clark County Coroner.
Other than the obvious burns over the better part of his body, there's this.
Sign of a good marriage. Wife still wants to change him. So your vic's burns are concentrated on the face, hands, knees and feet. It's consistent with an engine fire.
Yeah. Entered through the right renal artery. That's COD.
Based on the clotting of the facial lacerations and development of the bruises on the victim's arms and wrists... it appears he was bound and beaten at least an hour prior to death... 
The hand -- where did you find it?
David, he doesn't look prepped. What's taking so long?
Hold it.
His face looks like hamburger.
Well, another one for the scrapbook. Boy, he looks different without hair. Never knew he wore a toupee.
No, that's okay; let's get to cutting.
Embedded horizontally in the parenchyma of the right temporal lobe is a linear, silver-toned, metal tube that tapers to a point. And in this case, David, the pen may be mightier than the sword.
Multiple contusions on the face, subdural hematomas. This guy was definitely roughed up.
Being homeless in Las Vegas. Cardiac arrest due to dehydration.
Anytime.
Hi, Ronnie.
Lacerations aren't deep enough to have killed him. Ligature furrows canted upward. Scratches ... consistent with struggling to get free.
Preliminary COD's suffocation from hanging.
Hmm. Twenty years ago, my wife wanted to buy out there, but there was no 215 freeway back then. The commute would've killed me. No physical signs of Klinefelter syndrome.
No, he's all skin and muscle. These can't be fatty deposits ... this is glandular tissue. His mammaries are swollen.
I'll run an expanded tox panel, send out for a hormone screen.
Yeah, Brian Towne's mother is here. She wants to see the body.
All right.
Did you know that there's a Paiute reservation in the heart of Las Vegas? It's only an acre, but it's right up on North Main.
Well, the fusing of the plates and shape of the skull indicate a 30-year-old of the Mongoloid race.
And Southeast Asians, Pacific Islanders. But take a look at the teeth.
But there are caries.
Right. Teeth from ancient tribal graves usually have distinctive wear marks ... uh ... grooves from pipe-smoking, rope-making -- but no cavities. You look disappointed.
No.
No.
Please, David.
Those are not classics.
The Exorcist. The Shining. Rosemary's Baby. Those are classics.
Interesting.
When I removed the axe, -- 
I noticed that the dermis along the margin of the wound showed no vital response, except in a small area on both sides of the center of the track.
The cause of death was perforation of the liver, spleen, and pancreas.
But the injuries are inconsistent with the position of the axe wound.
Exactly. The perforation was caused by a sharp, hollow, cylindrical object entering through the lower back, and then passing upwards into the organs.
Perhaps.
That is impressive. As the woman's throat is being slashed, you can actually see the entire transverse view of the trachea.
I believe I can see the epiglottis.
COD is multiple blunt-force trauma. Based on the development of the contusions, it appears the blow to the back of the skull was the first impact, but the ones on the face came about half-hour later.
Yeah.
Yeah. I ... uh ... did a wet mount, found semen in the vaginal vault, and I collected an SAE kit.
This guy is some piece of work.
Yeah, he's in there. You might want to give him a minute, though. He's ... uh ... saying good-bye. Do you have any kids?
Yeah. You want to do the autopsy, too? Just let me know.
Why take the murder weapon from one scene, walk around with it for more than a day, use it to kill again, but this time leave it behind?
Double murder ATM.
I heard the husband died at the hospital. But the killer was definitely here awhile. According to liver temp, she died a couple hours before the husband.
It looks that way.
Hey.
Well, possibly a tooth fragment. High fall?
Was she raped?
Oh, no condom. Good for us.
Is Lindsey looking already?
Well, at least she'd be close to home.
Thank God for small favors.  You know, David, our job is never easy, but this is a colleague. If your emotions are too raw and you feel you need to excuse yourself ...
Um ...
He was trapped in a small space at minus ten degrees centigrade. So it's fair to assume he was exerting himself in a state of mind-numbing terror.
Well, several hours at least. Time of exposure in extreme cold is difficult to gauge physiologically. Why don't you let me know when he softens up and we'll start cutting.
What do you want me to do, stick him in a microwave?
The carotid-jugular complex was transected, -- 
-- and based on the placement and size of the wound, I'd say she had at ...
Based on the placement and size of the neck wound, she was conscious
Well, there was no blow to the head.
You mean like a cardiac event?
Well, I can't rule that out, but a healthy, 36-year-old having a heart attack?
Get it out of your system!
Out! 
Now!
All right, trajectory of the shot was roughly 90 degrees from vertical, straight through his noble skull. Bullet didn't exit.
More or less.
Your garbage man was in excellent shape. COD is as expected. Massive BFT due to his unfortunate collision with the T-bird.
And your other vic was in his late 20s. He was definitely crushed by something.
Which happened postmortem.
Suffocation. He had petechial hemorrhaging. I found white fibers in the nose and mouth. Sent them over to Hodges. He called back, confirmed they were silk.
