Husband and wife carjacking. I heard about the case. My friend and I eat at Andre's. Creepy.
Well, it's a fresh pad. Only a couple of pages missing. Let's see what she wrote on those missing pages.
Okay, we've got the blueprint and Kevin Shepherd's credit card receipt from Andre's. Okay. Now, normally, a signature wouldn't give us much.
But look at the K on the receipt. now look at the K in Kay's office. Okay? Also, look at the S in SUV and Sunday. Now, look at the
Everything in the proper order. You know that. I got five other tests I got to run on this paper before I try to isolate prints.
Yeah. The paper's expensive. High rag count.
Can you explain these three small vertical dots?
The printer that emitted this letter has a spot on the drum.
There'd be three small dots on any paper that comes out.
And different paper than the ransom letter F.Y.I.
You still documenting the money from the con man?
I was the one that told you that.
Engraving on Ben Franklin's collar?
Left scope is a government- issued $100 bill. Right scope is the money from your tourists. Scope confirms what you saw with the naked eye.
It's called microprinting. A little trick treasury uses to thwart photocopying a U.S. bill.
They are ... on the bill on your left.
No printer on the market can make a true green. Blue and yellow hues always bleed in. Our monetary system depends on it.
Secret Service branch. They've got a field office in Vegas.
What exactly do you want me to look for?
Okay, I'll test the components in the inks and then bombard the paper with different wavelengths of light. We'll see what's up.
You bet.
I will.
The map has definitely been tampered with.
Positive. Chemical tag in the ink tells the tale. Then I shot the maps with 300 nanometers just to be sure.
Thought you would. I have a messenger on call.
I wanted to hold off on this matchbook until it dried out, but then I realized ... 
Exactly. What I'm doing is adding pixels at some points and erasing pixels at other points.
Got it.
You bet.
This really frosts My lizard. I go out to the lake to get away from the casinos. Well, there goes jet-skiing.
Oh, what I can tell you about that is I'm impressed. If it is a forgery, it's a great forgery. Van Gogh. Nothing I can testify to.
Have you seen my VSC-4 machine?
The original copy of the land sale agreement, okay? Inks luminesce at different wavelengths.
At one wavelength the signature on the left disappears.
At another wavelength the one on the right disappears.
Whatever you make of it. You've got a legal document. Two signatures -- notarized, the whole nine yards. The only thing I can tell you is your two guys used separate pens.
Hey, Grissom. Hooked you up.
Only bigger. Glass is my life.
As long as they stay in my head.
How many are there?
First row, third card.
Second row, fourth card.
Third row, eighth card.
And, fourth row, third card.
Anaglyphics. Color contrast to see hidden marks.
Good thing this guy's not concerned with his cholesterol. He ate fatty foods. Paper's pretty well preserved. Uh, most of the ink is washed off. 
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. There's something there in the corner.
Help me put it in there, Warrick.
London letters is one of my favorite standard writing tests. Uh, the paragraph has every capital letter in the alphabet, as well as numbers one through nine.
Uh, okay. Uh, Zero's not. Uh, his signature is authentic. Proof is in the Z. 
Okay, uh, look at the F in Frank Samuels from the withdrawal slip, and then look at the F from the London Letters.
Different. As well as the S in Samuels, and the S in
Without a sample, I can't tell you.
All right, you see the long legs she gives to her M, and how it stands alone?
Now look at the Dear John letter. This is not Marissa's signature ... just a quick and dirty forgery.
Well, I can't tell you anything without an exemplar.
From what I hear, that's going to take a while.
Uh, not typed - printed uh, off an inkjet, and so far, all of Walter's accumulated printers are dot matrix. No match.
Okay, I reconstructed the contents of the paper shredder. Five bills. All in Roger Dunbar's name. Addressed to 2175 La Pressa.
Okay, top two are credit card bills. Both VISA. Separate accounts.
Check out the gas bills. Three different meters.
Well, maybe she was living in Henderson.
All right, first we mirror it, and then we remove the background texture of the cotton weave.
Do you know what matryoshka are?
Russian nesting dolls.
My grandma had a set. Anyway, people who've gone from writing cyrillic to English often write their nines as lowercase g's.
All right, the relative size of the letters and the spacing between them appear to be consistent with both Vlad's appointment book and the good-bye note left by Svetlana. My opinion is it's the same writer.
Document was forged by taking an official license issued by the Department of Agriculture and scraping away the top layer of information. Document was then photocopied, and the bogus info was typed in. Take a look.
Actually, it does. See, a couple years back, some photocopier companies started imbedding their machines with serial numbers less than a millimeter in size and visible only under a blue L-E-D light.
It's as good as fingerprint.
