And who... who's Pam?
Stems were still moist.
He was smothered.
Henry, what do you got?
So, John, we know you were in the house that night, in Fiona's room.
Killed, cut up, encased in cement.
What you got?
How did a woman like this not get life?
Whose web site is this?
And until we do, 
There you go, buddy.
You know, in Seattle, when we take a boat out for the winter, you know what we do?
The story of the mob is the story of America: Ellis Island to Brooklyn, Chicago, Kansas City...
Well, it's nice to see the wives have stayed in touch.
So our security guard walks right up to the bad guy and lets himself get shot in the face without returning fire, right?
Get her purse for her.
There's like a dozen needles here.
Well, this was not about killing her.
No. No, we're not.
Whatever the case, we have a lot number, which will give us an orthopedic surgeon.
You know, maybe it's a Rachel Grier.
All right, let's think about this.
The magnificent femmistopheles, empress of pain.
I want to look inside.
And why is that?
Do you believe her?
What about our truck driver?
So the tire truck smacks into the convertible, the convertible clips the jeep, and hello, light post.
And the other one?
So you're saying that somebody wanted a brain in a hurry, so they broke into the mortuary and hacked out Lieutenant Seligson's?
Why?
Or...
Hey, come on in, everybody.
So, when we ran that bullet through the military database, it raised a red flag on your end, right?
Yeah, but it's like the wild west out there, right? I mean, a war zone.
Anyone drive a Dodge pickup?
Like CB radio on steroids.
You okay?
Stay away from badges.
Maybe he was cut with a broken bottle?
Nice shot.
Very similar to... brass knuckles.
Zoe Tate lawyered up, so if she's part of an extortion scheme, she's not gonna be diming out her partner anytime soon.
Looks like a round piece of ice.
You recruited Zoe Tate to extort all the old rich guys that she and Cal had been extorting.
Mary, we found your DNA at the Rails mixed in with Turelli's blood.
Zoe realizes she's lost the photos.
And this is what our guy was doing?
Mrs. Holland... when was the last time you saw your husband?
You lied to us, Amanda.
So you didn't go up to the condo, you didn't continue the fight and you didn't kill your husband in a jealous rage.
That one.
Do you think the brothers were working together?
Maya. When I was little, you always made me feel so safe.
No, no, no, hey-- you will call me when you get to the airport here, and then you will call me from Seattle.
Not gonna happen.
Bye.
Where the hell is he going?
6:27 a.m.
All these women.
It's my understanding, Mr. Narvick, that several months ago, the state sent the body of Lucas Reem to your mortuary.
How's it going?
There are granules stuck in the gel.
What am I looking at here?
So an hour later, everybody's gone.
Clearly, this is you, Seth, ditching the murder weapon only minutes after Brad was killed.
Let's talk about how we got here, okay?
Okay.
You know, this whole thing is starting to look more and more like an inside job.
Well, she's not gonna win mother of the year awards.
You know, it's interesting, what a car means to different people.
Remember, the cops were called?
No.
He's saying we may have taken his brother, but he's more powerful than ever.
You sure you're okay?
That's Collin Winthrop, right?
That son of a bitch.
Well... wait a sec.
If they've been infected, we may not know for days.
They're still being tested, so they couldn't take any calls.
Heard you found a match on the bullet that killed Weaver.
Hi.
So, you found anything interesting yet?
Okay, now, Lanning said she didn't recognize Weaver's body, and I let that slide.
I call you now...
What did you think?
Touchdown. Your A+ is in Messner's top drawer.
So, if you're right, then this answer key was left in Messner's classroom for Turk to find.
Yeah.
Ah, the smell of decomp in the morning.
The gunman could've shot that guy, but he didn't.
That's just gonna tell us he's still in the hotel, right?
Previously on CSI...
He took the bodies. Left processed crime scenes for us to find.
You think the brothers were working together.
Where was she found?
Yeah. Including taking a piece of her to make more of his strings.
No CODIS match.
Possibly.
Yeah, but our victim barely has any blood on his face.
Hey, buddy.
So clearly he was wearing this when he was attacked.
Looks like someone touched the skin before it was set.
Ladies, ladies. Come on, now.
But one of the other dolls didn't appreciate that you stole the spotlight.
Then you realized your mistake.
Go on. Get her out of here.
We have one victim... and 2,000 caged suspects.
So, where are we with Bruce Grady's enemies?
Well, Mayfield lawyered up, so, he won't be talking.
We're investigating the murder of your CI, and you won't share with us?
Hey.
Catherine... because your name is on the deed to the Eclipse, it might be cleaner if you work other avenues for us, okay?
Dr. Kessler, thank you very much for coming in today.
Dr. Kessler, we'll get you some more tea in a moment, but...
Looks like some form of digital identity concealment.
Oh, look at that.
