Hey, don, it's greg.
So you haven't slept last night?
Hey, Catherine.
We're only three doors down From where we found Karen Jones' body.
If the dress is still in this pipe, then the toilet would be backed up.
She came back to the room and found Jillian dead.
Just got off the phone with the head porter At the palermo center.
Bathroom cam malfunctioned.
Okay.
How you doing, man?
Have you
It was the rat pack at the sands in '62, Elvis at the hilton in '69, And knuckles &amp; nash at the rampart in '74.
Excuse me, captain, but Wasn't it his drinking that broke up the act?
It's hard to get a hair in your throat without intimate contact.
Let's plug it in, and see who reached out and touched someone.
All right.
Phew!
Spatter.
Strangled!
It's Away From Keyboard.
You know what the winner of this takes home?
Condo security company gave us access to the surveillance files.
LAPD faxed me copies of the old case files.
He's registered at the convention.
There's spatter on the passenger door.
First Lady of Vegas.
Blood transfer on the hatch release.
All right. Thanks a lot.
Now, the coroner said that he had puncture wound in his belly.
Most of the buttons missing.
Now we just need to find our primary.
That doesn't look like a knife.
Don't the Robbins have a cat... a gray tabby?
Well, whatever it was, it's not here now.
Mrs. Hoppe, was it normal for your partner to meet with his clients at night?
There's a Judy Robbins on this list.
So the killer didn't wear gloves.
So the cat urine is radioactive?
Well, my gut says: How do we find St. Patrick?
I'm really digging.
And possibly the birth mother of Patrick O'Toole, who dumped him at desert palm hospital.
And for the first time in your life, you thought, you're not alone.
Well, for what it's worth, I don't think Traxler knew about the incest.
Donna.
Didn't brush today, but not on the pipe.
Well, at least.
Copy that.
Shut it down.
Just more of him.
You lied to us when you said you didn't know Chad Ellis.
Well, apparently, he didn't walk them too long.
I think you did.
Well, he sure did.
Hit in a mob museum?
Really?
Hey, Catherine.
So, we turned major Willie's carnival upside down, didn't find any Propofol.
Well, that would do it.
Somebody should break the news to the Dempsey family.
Yeah, and that...
Can we talk somewhere out of the way?
Could've come from headlamp glass.
Tail indicates he came from the desert.
You had a low turnout?
Really? Which one was that?
Maybe whatever the killer was looking for is still here somewhere.
Well, you do realize the problem with that theory-- there's nowhere to jump from on this block.
Two blown-out windows.
I've been examining the wingsuit, and our flyer's rig has two chutes.
Altimeter's showing a rapid descent...  ...altitude's dropping, all the way to zero.
The top-floor corporate condo, to be precise.
Sara?
Nick thinks Fogel's lying.
Thanks. I even put gun cleaner inside the tent to see if it helps.
You look like your dad.
We just turned onto Corvell.
Tire impressions and paint.
So what do we think?
You think he'd approve?
Well, according to Akers, this is the second time these guys have hit this place.
Working on it.
All right, for starters, how about you take off your masks?
It's a club with metal bands.
Well, there was nothing like this recovered at the crime scene, so the killer must have taken it.
Well, if that's true, then none of them could have killed Brad Jeffries.
They parked.
Got a partial shoe impression.
Could be.
Puts the body in the Caddy... and drives away.
The hit man who went to prison for the murder of Alfonz Derosa wasn't convicted on evidence.
Hey.
Copy that.
Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah, in biology textbooks.
The pathogen could be in all this blood.
Scene's getting completely stepped on in there.
Hey, Russell.
Hey, Dave.
The janitor's a witch?
All we have is an altar to the cleaning gods.
Well, that's why Sara only saw one shooter.
Sara.
It's real, all right.
What am I looking at?
Strep.
Lake views, forests, birds.
Well, maybe in here is where you need to be reminded the most.
Inmates can get pretty creative concealing their contraband, so let's just be sure to check every hem, edge, seam...
In 2006, she shut down the Red Room after her daughter Zoe was murdered.
You think the two incidents are related?
So, what are the connections between the two bombers?
Daisy chain bomb.
Your planted hair is full of information. It's got a complete follicular tag.
