It never looks too good when a suspects dies in custody.
No, that's not what I'm saying. If I was here, I'd have been in there with you, you know that.  I assume we're going to come out looking like the bad guy again.
See, during questioning, your brother became a little ... unruly, and, uh... so for their own safety, the officers had no choice but to use force. At which point ...
Ms. Darian, it's very important that you understand the situation here.
Uh, let me introduce Gil Grissom from the crime lab. This is Beth Darian, the ...
I'll have someone from the department contact you, all right, Ms. Darian?
Grissom.
Where to?
Warrick Brown was on the stand. He's the face of the case. It's all about perception. If Fife walks, the public only hears one thing -- evidence against a killer was thrown out of court because CSI conducted an improper search.
What the hell is this?
Look, Grissom, you and your team have done exemplary work. 
Thanks to the crime lab, some very difficult cases have gone our way. You've elevated the status of the whole bureau.
I'm holding a press conference in an hour where I'll be telling the media that this case is under your purview.
Glad we understand each other. 
Uh... why don't you call my office next week? 
So make it a dinner.
I've been calling your cell.
We have nine hours left on the clock, Grissom.
I don't like surprises.
What, you're not going to tell me anything?
Okay. For now. Mm-hmm.
Hey, sorry I'm late.
I wanted to include CSI Brown in this. There might be a few questions outside my ... 
Want to meet me out in the corridor ASAP?
At this time, the Las Vegas Police Department has in custody one Howard Delhomme, ... 
... whom we believe to be responsible for the disappearance of Julie Waters. Our forensic team is currently combing the Delhomme residence searching for clues to her whereabouts.
I expect an answer to that just as soon as the team is finished processing the house.
Just don't make me look bad.
Voters -- they like swift resolutions. If he's the guy, I need to say it.
Who's that with Catherine?
Is he on the case?
Hell of a time to break out the B team, isn't it?
Car bomb. Driver and valet are dead. Another valet is critical. Got at least a dozen injured. I was having dinner here; was on my way out. It'd gone off a couple of seconds later, you'd be picking my badge up off the ground.
Bomb squad says it's all clear.
Guess it wasn't a sniper.
We gotta ID the driver ASAP.
Write that down. Call in the DMV.
Come on, Grissom -- a bomb goes off these days, they're going to assume it's a hit. What are you thinking?
That's good. Can I use that?
Did you find any kind of timing device?
What about the type of explosive used?
So ... what does it all mean?
Don't play dumb with me, Gil. Explosions lead the news. I need to know who, and I need to know why.
What about a signature? Is there anything distinct, unusual about this particular bomb?
Need a little clarification. I know Captain Brass has a suspect in custody. Where it get a little hazy for me, is I'm not getting his connection to the Air Marshal.
... it wasn't greatly appreciated at the time.
But what I think A.D. Covallo will enjoy the most is no longer having to lie about how much work he has to do. Enjoy your retirement, Bob. 
But seriously, folks ... appointing the new Assistant Director for the Crime Lab is not a task I take lightly. I believe in promoting from within. I believe in rewarding years of dedication and devotion to this department. I believe in Conrad Ecklie. 
For a proper introduction, I'd like to turn to his good friend and colleague of many years ...
... Supervisor Gil Grissom.
Gil ...
What's going on?
You want to help me out up here?
You know, Mr. Macklin, based on the surveillance videotape ...
When was the last time you actually talked to your daughter?
Smart move. Most kidnappers do get busted at the drop. 
Game or not, Mr. Macklin, one girl is dead your daughter is missing we're compelled to investigate here.
