So the pig's insects matured at a rate consistent with a five-day-old corpse?
Your initial computations were wrong. You went back, adjusted conditions, and proved actual time of death.
Captain Brass do you understand Grissom's insect evidence?
Do you think a jury will understand your adjustments? Or do you think they'll realize your conditions can make the evidence say anything you want it to say?
Your arresting officer can barely understand it. I read the file. Other than bugs is there anything else? 
Get something a jury can understand or move on.
I was listening. He seemed credible to me.
So, what can you offer me?
Well, I can't have that. Not and keep my post.
Twelve hours. But then we arrest Mr. Stokes with all the attendant documentation.
Congratulations, Patrick.
Do you know whose house this is?
Good morning. Nice to have you back. 
Do you have any idea what the hot topic of conversation is going to be when I walk into that breakfast?
That's cute. Patrick Haynes is in custody. Does he have anything to do with Portia Richmond's vanishing act?
So, in the meanwhile we're questioning him in connection with Portia Richmond's disappearance.
What have we got on Richmond?
Her dog.
What about the rest of her?
Well, look harder, 'cause if someone leaks it to the press that she's dead and then she gets off a lear jet at McCarran with a tan, we're both going to have egg on our face and I'm going to hold you responsible. Portia Richmond got me elected, Grissom. I was at her party. Do you see what this does to me?
Look, I'm going to lay this on the line right here and now. You find me Portia Richmond or you find me a motive for her murder 'cause I'm in your kitchen till it's solved.
Gil. I need a word with you outside.
They offered their assistance, and I'm inclined to take it. Of course, uh, I'd want to make sure you're okay with that.
Oh, that's a pity, 'cause I do. Maybe you'll feel different when you meet Rick Culpepper.
Rick.
He'll need a little patience.
Catherine, you busy? I was hoping we might be able to talk about a few things.
As a jumping-off point.
Well, that's just the sort of thing I was hoping we would discuss.
The FBI did me a favor being here and they have a viable suspect.
Then further investigation will prove that out. In the meantime, people will feel better about their daily lives. Now, why on earth would you want to counteract that?
Look, I see we've come to an impasse. If further investigation determines that Walden didn't kill those other women then you can rejoin the investigation.
For starters ... and a two-week holiday ... anywhere but CSI. You brought this on yourself. Now, the next time you want to play with my career, maybe you'll think twice.
We can say unequivocally, based on statements made by a certain local law enforcement employee and corresponding evidence that the deceased, Syd Booth Goggle is the Strip Strangler. Furthermore, since Goggle was killed by a second member of Las Vegas Law Enforcement during his apprehension, this case is now closed. I would like to thank the FBI, along with Special Agent Rick Culpepper for his invaluable leadership in this pursuit. In short, we couldn't have done it without you.
Grissom.
The mayor has already called. So what have you got?
I'm not asking you to lay out your whole case. Just give me something I can run with. I have got to feed the press and defuse the panic.
Here's a thought. Why don't you try being more like Ecklie?
Let me assure everyone that the situation is well under control. We don't have any suspects at this time, but our forensic crew ...
We've got a whale of an opportunity here, Gil. Dead body on an airplane -- FAA has jurisdiction. But the Feds won't be here till sunrise. That gives us about twelve hours to be heroes.
Well, we either hand over the guy who did it when the Feds get here or we give them all the glory while we watch from the sidelines.
Give me a little credit. Even you wouldn't tape off one of these wide-bodies unless you knew you had something.  Arrest would be good for you. It would be good for me, too. Good for Las Vegas.
Oh, that's four more than I anticipated.
Let me get this straight. Five strangers get on a plane and then, together, they kill a man.
And he would have.
Let's cut to the chase, Gil. Can you prove your case?
Well, time's up. I'm going to give these people their walking papers. If the Feds want to pursue it, let them.
Oh, come on. No jury's going to ever convict them.
Look, if you or I were on that plane we would do whatever it takes to save our lives.
That's exactly my point.
Hello, Bob.
Grissom, what are you doing here?
I didn't use the word homicide.
We're not looking at a crime here. Bob explained it to me on the phone. His guy was alone up there. He jumped. It was suicide.
It's a tragedy, but it's not a crime.
Fourteen hundred new beds means 1,400 criminals off the street. That old jail's maxed. Prisoner population's increased by ten percent in one year. If this place isn't built soon, you do the math 
What is GFCI? 
You mind telling me what you're doing?
What happened to good old-fashioned dusting for prints?
There's no mystery here.
Look, this is what's going to happen here. The construction site is going to reopen and the investigation goes away.
Well, what was that about?
Can we wrap this up?
I read the coroner's prelim. There is nothing in it about electrocution.
You're fishing, Gil. We're done here. Moving on.
Bob Harris' prints were not on the murder weapon. Is that what you're telling me?
In other words, you made a suspect out of an innocent man.
Oh, good. Then maybe you'll want to bring that up in the newspaper article.
The one I'm arranging for your public apology.
Oh, yes, you are. You don't go after a friend of mine, sully his reputation and then walk away. Actions have consequences, Gil. Even yours.
Grissom.
You got the bad apple.
I may be changing the tenor of that piece somewhat. You won't be the goat but you won't be the hero, either.
That's why we will continue to work well together.
Grissom ...
