Sure there are.
So, russell corners laser girl,
Here's hodge's fungus.
I've got bad news and worse news.
Trevor was also taking Antidepressants, mao inhibitors.
street rumble? That's catchy.
Back it up!
There's no way we're off base on this.
There are only two ways to get to the drag Where Cindy was killed.
Okay, but what?
Fishing vest, fishing pants.
Oh, here he is.
Killer launches him from the dock, Assuming that he'll drift away and sink, leaving no evidence.
Two miles from the house, A mile from where we found the body.
Halliday spooks?
Which means he checked in a day before his father was killed.
I know him.
So you said that Daniel peidre was at your shootout.
Hey, hey.
Guess what I found in DV8's apartment...
Hm. Primary alkaloid in ipecac.
Adds in some special sauce.
Yes, it does.
Gunshots maybe?
We now know where Gloria and Phil met Haskell and Tina.
You know, we do know somebody who's into both.
Smooth, polished surface.
Chemical composition of the paint indicated epoxy formulations... maintenance paint used in railings, fire doors...
What do you make of the Shar-pei chest?
I got a feeling that the DNA will be a match to Del.
You pulled this from my old case files.
Ed?
Ed, ed, please!
Pigskin?
You haven't heard.
Not true.
Clegg's car.
Volvo's registered to a Dr. Hanson Eller. Seneca address.
Joyce Dempsey called you right after.
Took a little luck and a lot of computer enhancement, but this eagle has finally landed.
Any luck tracking down the owners?
Yeah, I can practically smell the cheap cigars.
Blood spatter on the table says that this is almost certainly the primary.
This is weird.
She's fine, we'll see you soon.
Your father?
He has a beard. The man that Abby remembered tucking her into her sleeping bag had a beard.
Good plan.
Your fingerprints say that you were in that car.
The odd object from the victim's mouth was actually a strand of black suede, like from a fringed suede jacket.
Eh.
Maybe he was one of those sidewalk characters over on the Strip.
Mmm?
Yeah, looks like at least five or six different individuals, plus the victim.
The D.A.'s gonna want your whole crew.
Mrs. Montrose, when was the last time you saw your daughter?
How much you want to bet this is Derosa?
A woman was killed last night, and the evidence traces to your car.
We're CSIs.
Yeah, that's what we'd like to know.
Anyone with you?
So you admit to using your own daughter to help steal a car.
Oh, that's our victim, Pete Corday.
He has a rap sheet. Axel Vargas, age 25.
How's Nolan?
According to the police report, her name is Jennifer DeMarcus.
He kept coming around the pet shop, and then he started parking his car in front of Jennifer's apartment at night.
Briscoe's dead and Winthrop's on the run, a fugitive.
Yeah, thinner gauge than the trajectory strings but same idea.
Another processed crime scene.
We need to find Winthrop's vehicle.
Has a nice ring, doesn't it?
GSW to his neck.
This is CSI Sara Sidle from the Las Vegas Crime Lab.
Are there treatments?
Don't let your mind go there.
Hunting Viruses.
Especially one outbreak of it in 2006.
All I want to do... is relax.
Yeah, well, in exchange for a fat paycheck, she helped put a rapist back on the street, so...
I think Morgan and I are gonna go check out the new tape lifts.
Well, that's true.
It's all right.
This is CSI Sidle.
Morgan..
She's gone.
Greek-- Theta Pi.
Probably a student like the others.
Hey.
Yeah, they're identical.
It doesn't make sense.
Uh, Grissom has this theory that Lady Heather's being framed even though he doesn't have a motive and making every argument to validate her innocence, when everything that he's ever taught us about the sanctity of evidence... points to her.
I'll start, Dr. Kessler.
No.
From what we can surmise from the partially reassembled photo and the auditory voice analysis, the person in the video is Caucasian, 40's maybe.
I just got the court order from the pharmaceutical database. Fortunately, dioxipin isn't widely prescribed. FDA only approved it two years ago, and most dermatologists don't even know what it is.
She was paying ... for companionship.
