How many holes in the victim?
Eleven shell casings. Shooter emptied the gun -- so he was moving and shooting. Only hit the vic four times.
Bullets that missed hit the outside building wall.
I'm aware of that.
I wasn't chasing the suspect. I was chasing the evidence. I knew the idiot was likely to dump the gun. 
All we have to do is ballistics-match the weapon to both victims. Case closed.
I'll, uh ... ran John Doe minor's DNA against the missing persons database. I'm sorry, no hits.
What's going on in here?
And you're hoping Child Protective Services investigated?
Well, it's going to take you forever to go through these alone.
It took me a long time to get where I was, Sara. Now I feel like I'm starting from scratch. I miss sleeping at night. I miss my colleagues. I miss ...
Being trusted.
Am I interrupting?
He's pretty hot.
Anything on the hairs from the plastic coffin?
Heard you found a print on the bin.
What?
You take digital photos?
Well, hand them over. I'll load it into the computer and reconstruct the image while you finish processing.
You're going to need an actual print for court.
No. You're recovering it. As long as you document it, you're fine.
No big deal.
Demoted?
No hit in AFIS. I've widened the search. I've got an FBI database hit.
Your print belongs to an enlisted man. Private First Class Phillip Riley.
Crater on the windshield faces out. Which means that the shot came from inside the van.
Swing's tapped out. Catherine asked if I could lend a hand.
Possible GSR.
Which means the shot was fired from the wheelchair.
Hey, Vinnie.
The bullet never exited?
It's highly unlikely. The frags are too small. I'll go back to the scene, see if I can find the AWOL bullet.
Off we go into the wild, blue yonder.
Why are you here?
Well, if we can't find the bullets, we find the shell casings.
Give me your pen.
You don't shoot a man with the door open.
Keep your eye on this.
You got it? The shooter had to open the door when he took off.
Photograph it.
You got lucky with the bloodstained lapel. I didn't match the vic, but I got a hit in CODIS.
Assault and battery against a police officer in '96. Served two years. No current address.
Deutschland uber alles.
I identified the casings recovered at the scene. They don't match Dax Blanchard's 9-mil. So, did he have any other firearms?
Well, head stamp on the casings was a little unusual.
Deutsche waffen und munitions fabrik.
Well, it's one thing to collect old guns; old ammunition comes from a trophy -- an enemy gun a soldier brings back from battle.
F-O-S.
Friend of the sheriff. How else do you get listed as a missing person so quickly?
Flat tire. Couple of smudges. Okay, pop it.
So, she gets a flat. There's no gas station around. It's a Lexus, so there's no On-Star. She must have had some kind of emergency roadside service.
Maybe some good samaritan offered her a lift.
Excuse me?
A slow leaker. Print around the fender.
Bruises on the neck suggest strangulation.
No attempt to hide the body.
Are you gonna tell the family?
She was dumped under a white birch. Her hair was full of pollen and tree vegetation.
White powder on both palms.
Assuming one's identity can be wholly quantified by our DNA.
So we're defined at a cellular level?
No. Identity is the totality of our life experiences and our brain neurons process our relationship to the world and each other.
What we are never changes. Who we are never stops changing.
Talk to me, Hodges.
Excuse me?
No, he was at home.
Well, we know she was drinking, so she was probably peeing.
Tell me about the fibers we collected from her clothing.
Trilobal. From a car. Vic's clothing was covered in them.
Can you be more specific?
Thank you.
You park a Bentley?
Male? Female? Black? Caucasian?
All we need is a sample of baby powder.
That could be probative.
Which suggests that Lori came home before she was killed.
All right, well, let's say she came home first.
Mark killed her, drove her out to Sutor, and dumped the body.
A stranger driving a Bentley?
Not when they saw your apartment.
Who hasn't?
We got better vacuums.
Same shape, size, color. Too bad we can't ID this pod and tie it to that tree.
If we can prove the pod came from that dump site, you know what that means?
On the hood of the vehicle, which affirmatively matched the plant material we found in Lori's hair. All of which came from the same tree in Sutor.
We also collected a number of errant hairs from the vehicle. Several are consistent with Mark and Lori's DNA and also Joey's, but not yours.
No, but we have her daughter's. You're not Lori's biological mother, are you?
Before you go, could we take a DNA sample?
Could you open your mouth?
What are you thinking?
And we have unexplained evidence placing Lori back at the house after her night out.
Well, when two people of the opposite s*x conspire to kill one of their partners, s*x or money is almost always involved. Now, Lori's friend, Amy, did say Mark was a player.
I had this boyfriend back in college, and when he got his first Harley, well, let's just say we sat face-to-face and went for a ride.
You've never seen or spoken to this man?
Hmm. Do you remember the men you have s*x with?
It was all a setup. Brad was going to strike up a conversation with Lori at the club, and on her way home, abduct her. And then, one or both of you were going to kill her.
But when you got his call ... You went to plan B.
You never left. Mark fell asleep in the living room, and you waited for Lori to come home.
Lori's body was too heavy for you to carry, so you called for help ... on Mark and Lori's phone.
The living room's at the other end of the house. He was asleep.
I don't need to. We found something of Lori's on the rental exhaust pipe: Her skin.
Your client's on record. The vehicle was never out of her possession.
He left it all to Lori?
Listen, you guys, I'll catch up later.
You got a minute?
I, uh ... I just wanted you to know that I've enjoyed working with you.
No, it's time I made a change. I don't like the direction the lab's headed.
No, you got a good team, but I was a supervisor. My demotion was undeserved, and every day I'm here, I'm reminded of that.
What?
Cause of death?
So he survived the fall.
So am I ... for now.
Catherine, it wasn't personal. The body was posted. We didn't think you'd be back for a few hours. There's the report.
So we're looking for a lactating female with a center whorl print.
We've excluded Mrs. Eiger. How long can a woman lactate after giving birth?
What, the boobs or the kids? That's a two-legged topless buffet.
A synthetic would make it high end.
So he either paid well or was a good gift giver.
With liquid assets.
Hey.
What's the problem?
You're not.
Your burn victim.
You go home. You, uh ... hug your cat, your dog, your pillow. You have a beer, you watch a movie, and then you come back tomorrow.
Rumor has it you used to be a pretty funny guy.  Don't lose that.
It's actually not that out there.  In the old days, the first gramophone recordings were made by taking the vibrations of sound and cutting them into wax cylinders while they were turning. 
Based on the frequency and intensity of the sound, the stylus cut into the wax, creating distinct variances of depth and width.
For playback, a mechanical transducer vibrated along a groove, generating a current which, when amplified, turned into sound.
We've come a long way.
Well, there's something there. And it sounds like ...
-- this.
Speech elements skew to consonants. I'll try and dig them out.
Sure.
angle?
Hey.
Where do you think I'm going?
You don't recognize me.
In the lab, I usually wear my hair up.
Sofia Curtis.
As of tonight, so do you.
This place makes the rain man suite at Caesar's look like my condo.
I sent a uniform to bring it up.
Teenager abuses drugs and/or booze ...  There's a news flash.
Contusions on her neck.
A night to remember.
I can barely move in this dress and we haven't cleared the bathroom yet, so there it is. Don't worry, I'm wearing underwear. As far as you know.
Banana peel ... g-string ...  ... scared of that.
No beer or liquor. Just water, yogurt, and OJ.
Mixers, not for drinks ... maybe for drugs. Right ph in the stomach speeds the buzz.  I think there's narco around here somewhere.
No.
Like what?
Whenever I meet someone new, I always say their name out loud a few times. Keeps a picture in my head.
Collected seven used condoms from two bedrooms -- not a record in my book.
Fact that the victim wrists were bound suggests possible s*x games. Also pulled a plastic baggie from a toilet containing what looks like ground-up mushrooms, probably not the kind you put on pizza. Could be the source of the psilocybin.  I'm gonna let Brass know.
That time I was talking to you.
What are you seeing?
Okay, there's no evidence of that meal anywhere here, and Ecklie always said you had an odd sense of humor, so that would make this a joke.
Maybe unconscious.
Vomit could've been forced out by CPR compressions.
Or the green fibers in her nose.
Hold out your hand.
Duct tape residue. What do you know?
So ... where does that leave us?
Nicole Jensen's death was plenty real. Janelle Macklin's ultimately responsible for putting into motion the events that led to Nicole's death.
Well, that's ...  ...highly unsatisfying.
You forgot this at the suite. I fixed it for you. You never know when you might need to get dressed up again.
You do know that the Journal's back issues are available on-line. The lab has a password. 
Is this what you're looking for?
Ecklie travels fast. 
Look, in case you're not up-to-date on your QA/QC memos, I've been the lab's Quality Control Officer for the past year.
Grissom, I've been assigned to your inquiry. I just wanted to give you the heads-up. I'll be impartial.
This is, uh, confidential. I don't have an office, so ... 
Just reviewing all documentation. Case identifiers, analysts' initials ... 
Excuse me?
Catherine ... I appreciate your interest, but I think it's prudent to reserve my findings for the Assistant Director.
I don't believe he mishandled anything. He followed laboratory protocol, and when he saw that the evidence didn't correspond to his records, he notified the D.A. and recused himself from case review.
As it applies to this case, yes.
Again, we have no evidence that Grissom violated any protocols or proce ...
I've been the Acting Supervisor of days for the past month -- I believe I've proven myself capable.
You're demoting me.
I don't care what he says. Put him in the tank and see if he wises up. Sure as hell can't get any dumber.
Grissom.
Well, a spot opened up here and ... I transferred in today.
My mother made captain. You know, I'd just qualified for my shield when the sheriff pulled my papers and volunteered me to CSI. I think my mom hated that more than I did.
There's some things I'll miss. I'll see you around.
Your broadcast was for a blue Pontiac. Patrol figured this was worth a look.
Six days in the summer heat.
Well, if she was shot in there, there might be bullets and casing. I say we process the car in place. Let's get rolling.
I ran the Grand Am's VIN. Last RO was a tow yard over by Nellis. Vehicle's most likely an impound, sold under the table to some scammer who faked his tags.
I know. What about prints?
Well, even if I do manage to track them all down, there's no guarantee any of these were involved with the vics.
That's hard to say. Mr. James, was Clara by any chance seeing an older man?
The older man ... Um ... could've been someone she met at school?
Did she have a part-time job?
We found a number of half-eaten Gooeybunz in the car.
Yeah.
We're gonna need to talk to your employees.
It's a homicide investigation.
Why?
Guy's name is Darryl Blakeney.  Small-time hood with priors for B&amp;E and possession. 
We figured Blakeney was one of Joey Zack's customers. One night, Blakeney sees his coke dealer's Grand Am at the drive-in, and the fiend snaps.
Or why.
The scumbag's still in the wind.
That's not going to satisfy Clara James' father.
I've been waiting for you.
Really? 'Cause, uh ... I left a voicemail several hours ago.
The anonymous call was traced to this phone booth, so I figured you'd want to process.
Yeah, I got bored waiting. I thought you might need some help. No usable prints, but check out the floor.
The victim was killed twelve hours before this call was made. If that's his hair, what's it doing here?
The day he died, you called him six times.
He's with the coroner. 
Allison, I'm Detective Curtis. 
Did Michelle know about you?
Okay, I'm sorry. We can do this here or we can take this downtown.
Allison ... why was it so difficult for you to tell us the truth?
Las Vegas PD. We have a search warrant.
Please step outside.
That's a very good question.
So you killed him?
Why don't I do that for you.
Ms. Moyer ... your brother confessed to killing Hayden. 
After our last conversation, I checked the TV listings. There was no golf tournament that night. I think you were calling Hayden to warn him about Brent.
But you had your doubts.
Why didn't you tell us this before?
He threatened you.  You're safe now.
Well, I wasn't sure if I should call it in as a 419 or a 401a.
You tell me.
The vic's Sylvia Mullins. Works in one of the offices upstairs. The security guard found her.
That's why I went with the 419. RO's the vic.
She's an accountant?
Did you see anything on your monitors?
We're going to need to see your tapes.
Las Vegas Police! Open up!
Kelly Gordon, you're under arrest for the murder of Sylvia Mullins. Stand up.
Stand up!
So you killed her?
Call a paramedic.
And you were at a recent party where the victim, who also used crack, was working.
You recognized Tim Duke and you needed a fix.
You wiped down the gun with a handkerchief ...
And you didn't want to be seen leaving the bedroom, so you climbed down the balcony to rejoin the party.
You're going to need to cancel your shows for awhile. We're holding you on possession of paraphernalia, and unlawful use.
How much did you take?
Did you tell Miss O'Neill?
AKA Tim Duke.
If you were dating. Why was he planning to fly to Sardinia after the party with Nanci McGonigle?
Someone in the house gave him the tickets.
It's called decomp, in case you're interested.
If it wasn't the smell, why did you check the room?
What's his name?
You touch or move anything?
Control, this is Detective Curtis. I'm at 1773
1985, aiding and abetting, extortion in '87, armed robbery in
But, uh, take a look at this -- it's FBI surveillance.
Well, not the kind you want to send your kid to -- they're bank robbers.
Apparently, Nash and his buddies would get together every year, talk shop, hire hookers, play flag football. Nash did mostly grunt work -- driver, lookout. Never handled the cash. He got busted in an armored car heist in Ohio ten years ago. Testified against practically everyone he'd ever worked with.
Most of those people in the picture are either dead or in prison.
And it was just the two of you in the house.
Do you live alone?
Did you hear anything up on the roof in the past week or so?
And when was the last time you used the fireplace?
Sorry to interrupt. As per protocol, Metro flagged Tad Sidley's credit cards. A couple of hours ago someone used his AMEX to purchase gas in Seven Hills.
Unfortunately, the Gas and Go cashier ran the card manually. So by the time the credit card company flagged the purchase, the guy had taken off. But the station has video surveillance and the cashier claims he could ID him. 
Nick's in the AV Lab now with the videotape and the cashier.
We're all over it.
I just got your page. Did he stick around?
Tad, Detective Curtis. I'm glad to see you're okay.
Yeah. Where have you been for the past few weeks?
Any idea how your gym membership got into a dead man's pocket?
Sure. I'd just like to get your cell phone number.
It's just in case I have any further questions.
Do you want to tell us what actually happened?
Vic's name's Christina Hollis. She's a sales agent for the building. Neighbor said she just came running out of her unit, delirious and hysterical.
Definitely. I'm gonna go with her to the hospital, see if I can get a statement.
Miss Hollis, you've been assaulted.
You don't know who did this?  What was the last thing you remember?
Christina, it's okay.
Nurse, get in here!
It's okay. It's okay.
So she was raped within the last few hours. No condom means he's not in the system or he doesn't care if he gets caught.
You try something like that again and you're gone. I don't a give a damn what the sheriff says.
You invaded her privacy at her most vulnerable moment.
Yeah, well, we're going to lose an hour waiting for her to calm down. That's on you.
It's a sexual assault evidence kit and blood sample. I've seen date rape victims in similar dissociative states. We're going to run a tox screen, see if she was drugged.
Yeah.
It's the same side.
Unit picked him up at the double down. He was plastered.
One nine.
Well, we're going to have wait until he sobers up.
If he tries too hard not to look, it could be a guilty conscience?
If he is the guy, and we interview him now, anything he says could be thrown out of court.
Let's go.
Christina Hollis was tied up and brutally assaulted in her apartment last night.
She's alive and talking.
It takes a lot of courage to do this.
And if you change your mind about the camera, all you have to do is say so -- no one ever has to see this.
He'll watch it in jail. Okay, so, you said you were beginning to remember what happened?
Can you tell me what he looked like?
Feelings. Of what?
These people lived on the same floor as the female arson fatality from two weeks ago.
Stacy Vollmer was last seen practicing alone on the school tennis court that Friday at around 9:00 P.M.
The clothes she was wearing were found in her locker.
Her body was discovered near the football field by the landscaping crew the following Monday morning.
She was dumped in a flower bed, wrapped in a shower curtain.
CSI arrived an hour later, excavated the body and began processing the scene.
He was alone in that opinion. Everybody liked Stacy -- parents and students. 4.0 GPA, varsity tennis team, homecoming queen. She even took a public virginity pledge with some of her classmates. Did they have those in your high school?
I was looking right into his eyes when he told me he did it. There's no doubt in my mind.
Two confessions, one crime. We don't get that a lot. When did you last speak with Marlon?
So you killed her because she messed up your hair?
Scott Baird, Stacy's boyfriend. 
I assume you mean Hannah.
Well, Marlon's your child, too.
So they're close?
What do you mean?
From what we understand, Hannah doesn't really have a social circle.
And Marlon?
She really is one in a million.
Indigo child?
Kids do stupid things. Marlon covers for Hannah, Hannah covers for Scott.
DNA confirmed your fingerprint in Stacy's car, in Stacy's blood. 
This is the only chance you're going to get. If you walk out that door, you're under arrest.
Okay, Scott. You said you wanted to talk. Let's talk.
They won't hear anything from me.
I take it that convinced her.
All right, Gerald.
And what was your relation to Julian Harper?
What did you do for him?
What is with the robe?
Stand up.
It's called a priapism. Just in case you were wondering.
Well, we're gonna need a list of everyone who was here worshipping the temple.
Yeah.
You cleared that room, right?
Hey! We need a medic!
Were you in his suite?
Was that your choice or his?
So if you weren't in his suite, where did you go?
So how did you get to be his manager?
Sure. But I need your prints and your DNA now.
Miss Villa, we found you in Julian Harper's suite. Were you ever in his bedroom?
Tell us what you do remember.
We could assist you in reporting a date rape.
Yeah.
And being in his suite makes you a suspect.
Willie Angel?
You can't fool the eye in the sky, Willie. There's a lot of people looking for you.
Oh, this here says we can.
You collect card keys, Willie?
Really?
We're talking to you.
So you're his pimp?
I had a conversation with Julian's lawyer. And he said you weren't only his ex-wife, you were about to be his ex-manager. That piss you off?
It's cool, you guys were on the down low.
A street team?
Do you know which rapper she worked for?
The State of Nevada's willing to pay to send your daughter back to California for burial.
In that case, she'll be cremated. I'll make sure you get the remains.
That's our guy. The one in the red hat. That's Hi-Def.
We need to talk to Hi-Def.
Either you get him or we will.
You ever see these kids?
They've been gone three days. You didn't notice?
Do you know their last names?
Did Hi-Def and Dollar have a beef before this?
I'll believe you if you tell me what really happened.
So then you went to CC Drive.
Who is they?
What was Dante doing during all of this?
No broken glass. No bolts from a disengaged transmission. No tire treads or skid marks.
Uni found the tracking device from Nick's car in a trashcan, a couple blocks from the diner. Pro job.
Well, no. But if it was the Fatellis, it's going to be clean.
I need to ask you about your brother, Dino Fatelli. Dino always was the bad seed.
I heard you guys share the taste for blood.
You and your brother keep in touch?
Where were you yesterday afternoon?
No thanks.
... you figured this would be a good place to start.
Actually, we're looking for a red Ferrari Spyder. 
We'll take it as is.
Which means the Ferrari was the faster vehicle.
Ooh. Nice dent to the front bumper.
Who rented it?
No need. We're impounding it.
Mr. Rhoda, what are you doing?
Randy Bolen. Misdemeanor possession, assault, felony possession for sales ...  you can't help but break the law, can you? What's with the forehead?
Well, you got that bruise somehow. Want me to add leaving the scene of an accident to the list?
Sure about that?
Because your car and the Ferrari were both rented.
You're a local. Why did you need to rent a car?
What were you doing all night before your fender bender? 
How'd you play? Did you win any money?
I guess that would be lose some. How much?
That's a lot of money for a guy like you.
Yeah, I'm sure you have. You're having one now.
These the guys you played?
Now, there's a coincidence, because they were in the Ferrari, which makes you a very sore loser.
Not as stupid as killing him.
Yeah.
According to his record, Randy Bolen used to be a professional stunt driver.
He teaches at that track off Boulder Highway where middle-aged guys get to act out their Grand Prix fantasies.
He's got a temper.
And he was falling in love.
We're investigating the death of the young man on the casino's loading dock.
He still in town?
Mr. Kim, we need to speak with you for a moment.
Do you recognize this man?
I just spoke with McKeen. I heard it's bad.
The last train passed through here an hour ago. The engineer thought he saw a body on the track, but couldn't stop on time. He radioed dispatcher, who called 911.
Well, the engineer isn't saying anything else until his union rep gets here, which ... could be a while. I'll let you know.
Colonel Caleb C.C. Carson. 1864.
These are civil war-era photos.
They didn't smile much back then.
Bet these hurt more.
It's the same caliber killed the vic.
Warrick just called from the hospital. They got the bullet.
He hasn't regained consciousness yet.
Is this Gettysburg?
My dad was. Used to spend the summer touring Pennsylvania in an RV, so I could learn things.
Looks comfortable.
How do you mean?
That's right. They were on one of Mr. Carson's corsets.
What did that entail?
So, you dressed him in rebel drag.
Did it hurt?
When was the last time you saw him?
At the house.
A duel? Where?
If all you do is Civil War recreations, why were you and Caleb Carson having a duel?
A man shoots you, and you don't call the police?
What about him?
Am I interrupting?
I just got a heads up from a friend in Payroll at PERS. Ellie Brass just called about Jim's pension. She wanted to know how much there was and was she a beneficiary. 
This girl is circling like a vulture. Jim doesn't need this kind of energy around him now. Now ... Ellie's been in a lot of trouble with the law. It wouldn't be difficult to chase her out of town.
I can think of one.
Depends on where you lose it.
Mr. Kimble, would you like to revise your prior statement?
Which part?
If it was an accident, you should have called 9-1-1.
What do you mean? 
According to the registrar, he was taking classes till the end of term last fall. Why did he leave?
She have a name?
Was this her?
They're all dead.
Working him?
They had a break-in the day before yesterday.
Not yet. Not much stolen, so ...
Expensive equipment, pharmaceuticals -- doctor even had his laptop open on the desk. They obviously knew what they wanted.
Yeah. They took it all.
You'll be dusting for prints. I'll help.
Excuse me, have either of you two seen Grissom?
Hey, Catherine. Grissom, Ecklie's been looking for you. Is your cell not working?
Well, apparently, I was a CSI, then a detective, but now I'm a messenger. You're needed at the lab ASAP.
I have no idea. But the undersheriff's camped out in the break room.
These guys are hard core. Who are they?
You okay?
Yeah.
What are you doing? Put it down.
He's not going to use it anymore.
I appreciate the sentiment. We're not supposed to talk to each other till we give our statements.
They were in front of me and ... and to my right. No, my left.
Um ... s-sorry, what was the question?
Uh ... make sure you check Bell's vest. I think he took one in the chest.
Sergeant Adams told me he had the situation under control. So I went to back up Officer Davis, who ran off in ... this direction.  I caught up with him here.
Davis' slide was locked back. He was out of ammo.
Of course. That was why I fired.
Yes.
What are you doing? Put it down.
Okay, he's not going to be using it anymore.
Officer Davis was acting on survival instinct, not training. It was understandable under the circumstances.
No, I'm just going to go home.
Yeah.
What are you doing? Put it down.
Hey.
I left you a couple of messages.
Yeah, I tried. But I ... can't stop thinking about this ... this Bell shooting.
Grissom, I think there may be a possibility that maybe ... I shot him.
It's, it's something I remember when I was giving my statement.
No, something I didn't mention.
Please listen to me. Bell was between me and the suspect. I was shooting over his cover, which is a violation of policy. 
I was, I was just trying to stay alive. But if I did it, I ...
I know.
I was just talking to a friend. If I can't talk to a friend, who the hell am I supposed to talk to?
And how many friends outside of work do you have, Sara? Maybe I should go talk to my mother. Oh, no, sorry. I forgot. She's a cop, too.
All right, then. This was a really bad idea. I'm sorry.
Good. Yeah, I wasn't sure.
I've gone a little crazy.
Yeah.
I have seen it so many times, I don't know if it's real or not.
Jim, it's like he's looking at me -- like as if he ... as if he knew.
You telling me you're not thinking about it?
Who shot him?
It does matter. I could see Bell's face when I was shooting him, which means I was ... I was shooting near him. I made a mistake. I shouldn't have fired.
I'm always going to be the cop who shot a cop.
Thank you.
Jim, I was just on my way out, but if you want me to stay ...
Okay.
419 times two.
Husband and wife.
We ran the plates. RO doesn't live here. We're tracking her down.
Alarm was triggered at 11:45 P.M. The monitoring company notified PD when the homeowners didn't return their call. Patrol finally arrived at 3:32 A.M.
Not this one. Michael and Lori Tinsley. Kitchen door was open when we arrived. His wallet was in his pocket. Her purse was on the counter. Cards, cash, TV, stereo, it's all still here.
The coroner should be here right now. So, uh, I'm gonna go see what's happened to him.
