What about this blood?
No table. No surgical equipment lying around.
We'll get a warrant for his house.
Could've used bleach to clean it up.
Six minutes later, she's texting, coming down.
Looks like somebody messed with this vent.
There was nothing in it, so I didn't collect it.
Looks like a lipstick smudge to me.
I'll call you back.
Here's some prints on a fuschida Belonging to a guy Named john dudek.
And another print on a fuschida.
You know, danny's round was pretty incredible.
Or that the ball's dimple pattern Doesn't greatly reduce the drag or spin rate.
Fore!
It is.
It looks like his brain stem has been jammed into his spine.
There were yaw marks up and down the road, But no clear tread marks, so I obliquely photographed Areas where I thought tread marks might be By using a light source at different angles, Different contrast...
A lot of cars on the road today That fit that description.
That's Trevor's Porsche With Renata behind the wheel.
We're missing something.
There you go-- two lives ruined, Two dead kids and for what?
There he is right there.
Dried blood on the stairs.
Yeah, same thing on the other arm.
Copy that.
Well, it's a private show.
Here you go.
According to Henry, there were no drugs,
I might be able to answer that.
The stuff that got 'em sick came From your pastry box.
So in revenge for breaking up with you, You decide to give Sergeant barclay some delicious, homemade baked goods Tainted with your child's shigella.
Bruises and abrasions.
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Go back there and see what that guy's going.
You're gonna be all right.
Clark!
No, no, go back, go back, go back!
Well, the owner of Hank's Hobby Shop said the kid that bought that plane fit Jason's description, so...
Maybe this is the reason why.
Well, there you go... homicide, suicide, accidental. Gentlemen...
Gardener found the body.
No cash.
Nice rap sheet... burglary, larceny, assault.
The shoeprint on the door was a match to a pair of Ben Fowler's shoes.
So he wasn't trying to loosen his restraints, he was trying to tighten them.
Wait, no, no, no, no.
Well, there's obviously a ton of people in the pool, and all the angles are terrible.
Run this through tox.
I don't think you realize how much trouble you're in.
Yeah, Catherine, we got a bead on Dr. Holloway.
Yeah.
How we doing, Greg?
What?
Get your hands up.
Where is he?
I got the other side.
Base layer had traces of concrete.
So, what, we're talking about a school, hospital, or government building?
Mr. Thorpe, do you know where Tina and this squirrelly guy are shacking up?
No tire tracks, no footprints.
Looks like somebody brought chains to the party.
So the hotel spa confirmed that
Obvious signs of a struggle.
Yeah?
Found a yellow contact lens.
So you think it's the neck biting, the bloodsucking, or the carnal s*x that's the appeal?
Whew! That's quite an arsenal.
Relax, relax, relax.
Back up!
Digestive enzymes.
You know, you're right, Thomas.
The great thing about science is that it always sheds light on the subject.
Mm-hmm.
This photo was taken at last year's convention.
He followed Michael to his room, he confronted him, and he got in his face.
Man, I saw this movie when I was about seven.
Hey.
So... latex?
Dust void.
Got something here.
Yup.
Yeah, and don't forget about mom's bug bite.
Two shots missed and hit the mom; The third kills the cowboy.
Well, the green strings are his.
Oh, well...
I disagree.
Nose, cheekbone, eye socket.
Name?
Got some cement blocks over here.
Early instars of the black soldier fly.
Well, in order to get Amber eyes, you need two recessive genes, one from mom, one from dad.
I'm not gonna let anybody else hurt you.
Maria Garza's autopsy showed showed no signs of vaginal trauma.
Matthew Lapaz, 22.
It's a safe tape, not a s*x tape.
The Prince has a point.
There it is... you see that?
Eventually, we're going to match it back to all the guests that you and Matthew Lapaz have been ripping off.
Go on.
I dug out these images, using optical microscopy.
Looks like it's time for a road trip.
Major Willie... aka Steven Watt of Tampa, Florida.
You're licensed in Florida and New York to practice body piercings and modifications.
No vital response.
Rachel Grier's niece?
So maybe he had a heart attack or an aneurysm and slumped over after ordering.
Got a cooler here.
Her throat was slashed.
Marta Arterro, Diego Barra's girlfriend from back in '02.
Come on, Sammy, we've been through too much together, man.
Vega!
Oh, you can fire plenty.
Geez.
Well, I got good news, and I got bad news.
Some creatures are more fortunate than humans are.
But he was still alive and... must have crawled his way out.
Vic wasn't wearing anything green.
You guys don't think we've got ourselves a jumper here, do you?
Well, you got to admit-- that's one hell of a jump.
Depends on your definition of far.
Kidding me?
This might be part of our missile.
Hey.
That's obviously been tampered with.
Your guess would be right.
Here's the deal: someone used a tool just like yours to sabotage the AAD on Holland's reserve parachute.
Okay, come on, man, we're just trying to get some answers, here.
Hey, Super Dave.
Nine millimeter casing.
Charlie-04-Stokes. We've got eyes on and are hanging back.
Not much.
Russell, she's gone.
Hey, I think we just found Shaw's escape route.
So someone turned a mass murderer into a murder weapon.
Bone-bladed knife.
Bruce Waters' wife said he drove off after lunch, and she hadn't heard from him since.
Oh, Bruce.
What's going on, Mitch?
Yeah.
Comic drawings of a superhero.
You ain't a juvie no more, man, and this is far from your first offense.
Okay, boys.
Yeah?
Scott...
So maybe old Roger was telling the truth about the club.
Busted lock-- someone got here before us.
Killer was trying to buy more time till the body was found.
I'm sorry you had to see that, John.
Well, it's a silent call for help.
Hey.
Oh, yeah, look at this.
Yeah, Winthrop was definitely here.
Quicker we determine who that is and where they are...
Everything's just how they left it.
Which means the bullet would have to stay low.
This guy's infected.
Hey.
There's a knife.
Did you hear about Turk's body?
Blood's dry and flaky.
Didn't find any Gemini this time.
She got here somehow.
And, hey, the longer they stay, the better, am I right?
You're right.
21, 12.
And we know that Daycia wasn't ready to call it a night, so she goes and convinces Zach that it's a good time to take a bath.
Tub takes 45 minutes, at the most, an hour.
What happened to him?
Someone must have gotten impatient.
All right, all right, Wilbur...
You can help us eliminate you as a suspect by giving your DNA sample.
I know it's difficult.
Alterations, erasures, paper content. The guy was really nervous about me having these maps.
Que pasa?
And there's Annabelle going out.
Hemadin's not really a recreational drug.
Fabric must have been folded when the blood was deposited.
It's consistent, but not conclusive.
