Look, Jason and Lucas probably just ran away. They're at that age. You know what I'm saying?
Do you know how hard it would be to catch them? Lucas is a big boy. And Jason ...  Jason is fast.
The red one is Jason's.
Yeah, you'd think. Plays them damn video games. That's all he wants to do. I told him I don't allow that stuff in my house. Boys need fresh air and sunshine.
You know, my son fell apart when his wife died. Quit his job. I was basically taking care of both of them. And then he got a great opportunity in Houston. Couldn't get Jason into a school until next semester, so I said I'd keep him until then.
How do those dogs find people?
Bet it's expensive, huh?
Let me tell you something. Boys are gonna walk right in here just like that runaway bride. And you people are gonna be handing me a bill for all the looking, you watch.
How do those dogs find people?
You brought me way down here to show me a picture of my teeth? Huh? The least you could do is give 'em back.
You think you're real smart, lady. Don't you?
I was defending myself.
You're damn right. Two boys can cause a lot of damages. Especially that Lucas.
Hey, hey, hey! Dinner was at 5:00, now it's cold -- let's go!
Don't you lie to me, boy.
Don't talk to me like that again.
They had it coming. Those boys have no respect. They're punks. Now, I love my son, but he didn't do right by Jason.
I don't need a lecture about how to discipline my grandson. That's the trouble with parents today, they're afraid of their own kids.
That's the way it's supposed to be.
They ran off. You don't want to eat, you go hungry. That's how you learn.
I told you what was important, lady. Now those boys are going to be fine. What they're trying to do, they're trying to punish me. That's what they're trying to do. And you'll see, they'll be back. And then I will sit down and I will talk to Jason. Now, what about my teeth?
It was self-defense and you can't charge me.
Well, how am I supposed to get home? You took my car, too.
You better watch your tone.
You better get out of my face, boy.
You're gonna fry.
I'll kill you!
