If the mayor wants a briefing, tell him I'll give him one after the press conference so I don't have to brief him twice, okay? Set it up.
Tell me you found him so I can tell the sheriff when his plane lands.
There's no way -- not even a situation like this -- that's going to make the sheriff cut back on services to our taxpayers.
Assuming any of those measures actually saves money, which isn't really the issue here, is it?
You want to do something for your people? Get 'em ready for a funeral.
If the mayor wants a briefing, tell him I'll give him one after the press conference so I don't have to brief him twice, okay? Set it up.
Tell me you found him so I can tell the sheriff when his plane lands.
There's no way -- not even a situation like this -- that's going to make the sheriff cut back on services to our taxpayers.
Assuming any of those measures actually saves money, which isn't really the issue here, is it?
You want to do something for your people? Get 'em ready for a funeral.
I was her godfather. Grew up with her dad. Two weeks before she was murdered I gave a toast at her sweet sixteen.
Half an hour. Look, he's been on the list, but the DA assured me he was unavailable.
Ecklie said the tape might be authentic.
Grissom, I don't know what to do: Instruct the DA to offer second degree? I mean, I can't risk letting this guy back out on the street but to plead this out after what he did to someone I loved. I need some guidance here.
No, you can't. But you can tell me where we stand. What are you doing?
Why?
Grissom. Great work up there.
When I took this job, I heard a lot of things about you. If you ever need a favor, if I can help you in any way ... 
I'll tell Ecklie. He'll backdate your cost-of-living adjustments.
So, Grissom, I'm not sure of your ambitions, but if you're interested in taking on more responsibility, maybe a promotion, I'd be glad to pass ...
You did a hell of good job out there.
The sheriff's on his way to the house now.
We all know the risks.
Can we get the bullet?
CSI's processed the scene?
Cops are shooting nines. Guilty until proven innocent.
Kid's family?
This is, uh, Gil Grissom from the Crime Lab. This is Officer Bell's wife.
Um, why don't I drive you home.
Are you seriously telling me our only live suspect, a cop killer, was gunned down in your custody?
And you didn't catch the shooter?
Stop calling me sir, you worthless ...  
Where's Grissom?
All right, let's start without him.
I've heard enough about him. Why would these knuckleheads pull in front of a police car making a traffic stop and engage us in a gunfight?
Well, if these guys were a bunch of drug-dealing thugs, why on the news were they unarmed and we shot 'em in the back?
Oh. And that we shot an innocent high school kid riding his bike.
Can we resolve this?
What about the guy in the other alley?
That would mean the revolver had to be pointing at Officer Davis.
Mishandled by who?
: Please tell me you've got some good news.
I can't wait to hear what that is.
All right, keep on point here. Which one of these buttheads shot Officer Bell?
Unacceptable. Get back out there and find that bullet. I don't care if it takes everybody you got working around the clock.
Just do whatever it takes to find that bullet. Don't worry about the overtime.  As soon as day shift comes in, I'll send them out, too.
McKeen. Yes, sir. I saw the news. I still think we should wait to issue a statement, at least until the lab has something concrete.
