Big baller with La Tijeras some years back.
Some internet service thing. I stopped thinking about that stuff when I found out my NASDAQ fund was worth less than my son's comic book collection.
The office floor where the DB's located is restricted-- authorized employees only.
I already spoke to building security.
Night shift started at 6:00 P.M.
Three of them are still breathing.
Victim's name's Garret Kwan. Job title, CTO.
Nothing obvious. No windows. Only one way in or out.
Thanks for pointing that out. When was the last time you saw Garret Kwan?
What kind of work?
What was your relationship to Garret Kwan?
Looks like you get special treatment around here.
Court documents Garret Kwan was suing you for sexual harassment.
Are you familiar with the term murder suspect?
Scared enough to kill him?
Virtual murder is not quite as satisfying as the real thing, is it?
But you didn't kill him.
You don't just spontaneously develop a fatal head wound. Somebody had to kill him.
I don't know.
Anything?
Hugo Karlin?
Detective Vega. LVPD. This is Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
Facility management says you've been working on the air conditioning above hypertrix.
One in a million shot.
You're under arrest. You have the right to remain silent ...
Hey ... I was able to pull the phone records for Candeece. She made six calls that night. The first five went to Eddie.
Did you go with him?
And got back when?
What did you do then?
The bank flagged Keith Mercer's ATM card.
Somebody tried to use it.
Yeah, but we got the stomach contents.
You're not Keith Mercer, but you have been using his credit cards. Do you care to tell us about that?
When did he tell you this?
Hey, I was able to pull the cell phone records for our vic.
Most of the calls went to the office, two went to the wife. But there are two who are interesting. Jones Collectibles. 
Guy is a small-time fence. That mean anything to you?
Mind if we help you look?
Tenth street vandal 
It's hard to tell. Vandals are based in L.A. But on a weekend like this ... brings knuckleheads in from all over.
Make that two.
Disposable firearms. 
They know we can't link them to the weapons if we can't find the weapons on them.
They're stealing their way to better guns.
Well, there is one Snakeback still in town.
That guy right over there.
That is Jerome Anderson. Aka, The Man.
The man. Technically a former snakeback who shed his skin and worked his way into the real world. Record producer, clothing designer, sports agent.
We're working on it. He's got an entire law firm on retainer.
I'm Detective Vega. This is Catherine Willows from the crime lab. We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We're looking for members of the snakebacks. A Timothy Fontaine, in particular. 
The warrant was based on physical findings.
File says you're a smart guy. Three years in Georgetown. Why turn stupid all of a sudden? Give us the guy we're looking for.
Hey. Guess who never left town?
10th street vandals.
Odds are it traces back to the original murder.
Somebody gets dissed.
Everyone goes home satisfied.
I patted down all her friends. Nobody's carrying. Got a couple officers scanning the neighborhood in case the, uh, weapon got tossed. She was breaking up a fight when she went down.
No.
The current one. The other one -- he's the ex.
The Mitchell's were moving in. The ex stopped by to say hi.
Yes, but there was a restraining order against you. Why were you here?
