Hey! Police! 
Come on, you pervert!
Oh, well, you're not such a hotshot once a real woman gets a hold of you.
Look, I saw him in the bushes. I scared him.
I got him by surprise. I got him.  You're not gonna -
Yeah, I'm fine.
Everybody tells you to get more involved in the community, but once you do ...
Jujitsu, shotokan.  They act on their own. I am just a vessel.
I was on my way home from spin class on my bike 
... and then I saw him. He was in those bushes around Jennifer's place 
... and I guess I thought the guy'd be scary. 
Hey!
... You know, night stalker scary, but he was like a wet french fry. I knew I could take him.
He's filing charges on me? This is ridiculous.
That's great, you know? The guy's out there raping women and I end up getting strip-searched by the police.
Really?
Okay.
What are you guys doing in here?
All right, freakboy, your phone has been ringing off the hook, so I finally answered it, and Warrick and Nick said they have a ton of trace, and they really need you to clear the decks.
After you.
So according to this, a month after Penny Garden's murder, Grissom investigated an electrocution at the Mannleigh chicken plant.
The victim was Raymundo Suarez, early 30s, a nighttime janitor. 
It looked like a possible industrial accident, or maybe even a workplace homicide. Right up until they found the perfect half-inch scale cast metal mini.
No, 'cause according to this, s*x may not have actually been the issue. Yeah, Ike Mannleigh was exonerated, and another co-worker, Ernie Dell, he looked good for all of the murders.
Ew.
Sure.
Uh ...
Yeah, I know, they told me. So, kudos to you.
Well, I can see that. I mean, it's you and your back-up singers. You're Davy Hodges and the Lemmings. You should take your act on the road.
Look, the only reason that you don't like me is because I actually stand up to you. Which, by the way, is exactly what you need. You know I would be good at all this ‘miniature' stuff.
Really? Okay, what is it?
Oh, my God. What are we, 12?
I don't know, are we?
But why, to taunt him? Like suddenly it's personal?
Who were the suspects?
I had a friend who tried to reconnect with some of her old foster siblings. And honestly, it's next to impossible. The system protects minors, they change their names, and some of them just fall right off the map.
Yeah, online billing. You can just keep spending and paying until the card expires. So what happened when they called the number?
They did call the number, right?
Shh.
Yeah, I get it. There's Izzy the vegan eating bacon; Penny, the cigarette-smoking cancer patient; Raymundo, the church-going adulterer; and Barbara, the overmedicated shrink.
That was a very good idea.
Well, we're working under the assumption that the killer was a foster kid, right? With probably an abusive childhood. So a bloody baby doll? I mean, it's really not that much of a stretch to say that the doll represents the killer.
Right. Or exactly what I just said.
Here.
You're welcome.
But is it considered food if it's still alive and clucking?
Yeah. Gluttons eating crab legs. That's exactly where I'd start.
Give me ...
Hey, Catherine, what's up?
Yeah, I did. And the blood on the Taser tips did match your heart attack victim, but I also found a second male contributor, who's probably your suspect.
Um, okay. Why?
You freaking broke it! That's destroying evidence.
Sure.
NaOCl.
There was bleach at the Izzy Delancy scene.
Why?
What about Penny?
No, you know what? No.
Look, this entire thing has turned into a three-ring circus, 'cause every time we get something, something else just comes along and proves us wrong. And, honestly, I think you've lost your damn mind. I mean, what makes you think if the CSIs can't solve this, that we can? Seriously. I'm a little tired of your delusions of grandeur. And I'm way behind in work, and I'm sick of sneaking around. So that's it. I'm out.
Hey.
Semen, huh? What made you check under the keys?
Yeah, okay, that's gross.
Hey, Sara? Is it true that the ‘miniature' cases have been keeping Grissom up at night?
I just thought that maybe you guys all talk about this it, and ... Hodges told me that Grissom confided in him and ... You know what? Never mind. Just forget I even asked.
No. Of course not.
You are a liar and an ass. I mean, if you want to go running around like Sir Galahad, just yanking swords willy-nilly, that is totally your business. But you put all of us at risk here.
Hey! Stop! Archie and Henry gave up a full day's work thinking that they were doing something to help Grissom. And Grissom never even asked you to do this in the first place.
Aren't you worried about your own caseload?
Oh, my God. I cannot believe you. I can't believe that, for half a second, I actually thought that I might ...
Nothing. What on God's green earth possessed you to do this?
What?
Lucky? You're a scientist. 
Oh, come on. If Gil Grissom were here, he'd slap your face.
Mm-hmm.
Yes, and thank you for offering to split the check. My date really appreciated it.
Why were you at a restaurant like Nob Hill by yourself anyway?
That's not exactly the rule.
The Elizabeth Rodriguez homicide. She had bite marks on her with saliva in them, and the saliva turned out to be canine, and anytime a dog is impounded in a criminal case, its DNA is collected and profiled.
It's just like CODIS.
Anyway most of the cases in the database are gang-related. But I figured, well, it's worth a shot.
It's protocol.
Really?
Hey, Nick, have you seen Catherine?
The canine DNA database got a hit on the saliva. It's a pit bull named Hannibal.
And then held at Del Santos Kennel until he was released to his owner, Gino Aquino.
Well, you do good work in that neighborhood, and you're bound to piss off the DSKs.
Hey, Buckaroos. Have you seen Catherine? 'Cause I just got the results from that semen stain on Cody Latshaw's jeans.
I did. I had to run an Ouchterlony test on it.
No ... no. Bovine.  Yeah ... I took a psychobiology class once and we studied a very interesting case. Okay, there was a guy, he lived on a farm, and literally the only way that this guy could get sexually satisfied was when he was with livestock.
Well, see, apparently, the whole thing started one night because he was in the barn -- it started snowing. He got stuck in there. He couldn't make his way back to the farmhouse, so he decided that he would try and stay warm ... well, with a sheep. 
But then the horses were jealous, so ... 
-- and ... you know, and I think there was a cow in there as well ... 
So the blood on the shirt belongs to your victims. The high velocity spatter on the front is a mixture of both and the blood drops on the left sleeve appear to solely belong to the woman.
Now, the pattern on the sleeve has a straight line on the outside, and then a matching band of spatter on the inside. So the killer rolled up his sleeves?
Speaking of which -- the wet spot.  The s*x stain was a male-female combo, both unknown, but the female shared alleles at all loci with both of the victims. It's their daughter.
That's pre-CODIS, so there's no DNA on file to match.
Are you lurking around here for results?
Actually. You can come in.
I do. I got a two-fer. I got epithelials from the rope from multiple contributors, and one of them ... drank from the bloody beer bottle.
Okay.
Thought you were getting coffee.
Have you seen Catherine around?
'Cause I just got the DNA results for Weatherly Adams, and the skin under her nails and the semen from her SAE, they both belong to Vaughn Krunty.
Vaughn Krunty, aka Zack Putrid.
The Titan of Terror, The Sultan of Slash. He's the movie director. I just ... I found him in CODIS for a statutory rape charge in Laughlin when he was 18 and the girl was 16. Can you believe that?
Nothing.
Okay.
Well, I did it on a whim. I was supposed to be an extra, but then they liked me, so they gave me this whole featured bit. I got 600 bucks for that. What? What? I was fresh out of college. I really needed the money. 
I don't have huge breasts. Mine are kind of ... medium. 
I got your DNA results. 
The dead boy was confirmed as Tom Michael's son. So he's definitely not your kidnap victim from New York. However, the results of the SAE kit on the female victim showed two semen donors. 
One was Tom and the other unknown, but that unknown was connected to two unsolved rape murders in CODIS.
Well, if there are, then there may not be any associated DNA in the system. Small towns usually can't afford to run it if they don't have a suspect.
So Archie's in the garage, he's documenting evidence from a drug bust, he picks up a thing of coke, and then it blows up in his face?
Oh.
Okay, well, this game is not as much fun as I thought it was going to be
I am a good criminalist.
Learn to think like a criminal. I know.
But that's not actually what this is--
What?
What? They would be very upset.
Yes, I suppose Archie could live with that ... so to speak.
Mm-hmm.
Then they would get the boom along with it? Right? Am I right?
Sorry.
They sorted everything already? That was quick.
Well, if the killer is someone who works in the lab, then he could just tamper with the evidence. Which means that there's really no way for me to solve this thing, this a trick question.
Okay.
Okay. Now what?
Truthfully?
Well, what if I get close to actually figuring it out, you're not just gonna change who did it or something like that?
For something that's not a game, it sure does have a lot of rules.
All right. Okay. I guess the first thing that I would do would be to examine the actual bomb mechanism to see if there's any clue as to who might have built it.
Ooh, I have an idea.
What about the blasting caps?
Good, -- 
-- 'cause the color coding is manufacturer specific. So now we can track down the source. 
You look ... better.
Well, then, I know exactly where I'd go next ...
No, no, no, no, no.
He says it's not a game.
Oh, come on, I'll fill him in as we go along.
What about the chemicals that were used to make the explosive? Did we get anything back from Trace?
Wait, what happens when you mix those two compounds?
We're not supposed to care about the why.
Oh, no, no, no, it's not a game. It's a thought experiment.
Well, maybe not. Because if the autopsy hasn't been performed yet, then we can't be sure that's COD.
Well, the CSIs would process the freezer. Did they find anything?
Hodges.
You said that the emergency release plunger was bent.
Well, that thing is made of solid steel. How could Henry do that?
Was there any evidence on the handle on the outside of the freezer?
Peanut butter?
So, CSIs would check every trashcan and every biohazard disposal unit in the whole lab.
No, I don't know about that.
Well, Bobby's a gun guy. Gun guys shoot people.
Can we get the autopsy results?
Methyl ethyl ether?
What?
And with the PCP stimulating his adrenal glands, he has the strength of the Incredible Hulk.
Your autopsy didn't mention powder in his nasal passages or PCP damage in his lungs.
Oh! Crusty pits.
Sweat stains. You said that Henry's lab coat had big sweat stains on the collar and on the armpits. So that's it -- somebody dosed the coat.
Well, Henry would've died of an overdose no matter what. So, all the trapping him in the freezer with the chemicals spilling, that was all completely incidental.
Really?
Damn it.
Oh! Wait.  I got it, check the plant.
Me?
So ... you got time for one more?
Maybe a little.
Thanks. I've been thinking about taking the CSI field test. This is actually really good theory and practice for me.
Yeah.
What? Why?
Nothing?
Stop it.
Thank you.
Why is even potential advancement so threatening to you?
Well, now, that's a little passive-aggressive, don't you think?
... Square toe, low heel, stylish but affordable. 
Flirty, not whory. 
I fell off a ladder?
Since when?
Uh, no. What about the oily residue on the ladder?
-- which means that somebody brushed it on.
No, no. Captain Brass is not the kind of cop who smacks a suspect around.
No.
Thirty-five in October, thank you very much.
That bracelet wasn't old evidence. I was wearing it.
A bolt of lightning.
Electrocution.
Something in the evidence locker.
There was a motorcycle battery in the ventilation duct?
Well, who's the killer, Wile E. Coyote?
How'd the killer get me up there in the first place? What did he do, pass me in the hall and say, Hey, Wendy, go climb up that ladder and check out the case evidence you had absolutely nothing to do with?
That's completely unverifiable.
Okay, what is that?
Is that a tape recorder?
Why were you recording us?
Lab Rats. The Game of Science and Murder.
Two to four players, ages eight and up. You're making a board game?
Why were you recording us?
Hodges this is, uh ... this is kind of impressive. In a painfully sad, geek type of way.
Oh!
Little lab techs.
Sandy Baxter, fingerprint fanatic. Reggie Chang, eagled-eyed A/V expert. Andrew Henries, top-notch tox tech. Hodgkins. Hodgkins.
You named yourself after cancer.
Mindy Bimms, the clumsy yet buxom DNA tech. 
So, tell me, do you think that Mindy Bimms is clumsy because she's top-heavy? 
Or do you just mean clumsy like this? 
Oops.
Okay, are you ... are you allergic to being honest with me? 'Cause the thing is, if you had actually asked me to help you with this game, I would have. But, no, you had to hide a tape recorder under a table and engage us all in this great big thought experiment! When in reality, it doesn't even matter, apparently, what I think because I'm just Mindy Big Boobs to you, and I ... You are the dumbest smart guy I know.
Do it again! ARCHIE: Do it again! DAVID PHILLIPS: One more time. One more time.
