What about the stairs?
Karen Jones.
Excuse me.
Mr. Crowley, just calm down.
We got no eyewitnesses on 19.
Maybe the killer used what was available to suffocate her.
Have brass show her picture around.
Yeah. Defensive wounds.
Oh, she landed the atm guy.
No way those are Karen's prints.
She then... took the wallet over to the hotel room And tried to extort money from Fiore.
David!
The fragment we recovered From the victim's neck wound is carbon fiber Reinforced polymer and thermosetting epoxide polymer.
Well, if you think That cheating is a viable motive, See if you can prove it.
We know where to look.
Cindy Warner.
Well, according to my daughter, Some kids just go to school to hang out.
According to the mother, Trevor had been irritable.
Is that Trevor?
Check out that paint job on the other car.
Ouch.
Brass said the D.A.'s going to charge them both.
I think he means it.
All right, Uh...
17.
Okay, listen to me.
He just turned down the ac.
So bell just brought in more ice.
Final step in the process- brand your goods.
Well, there's open chemicals and spilled chemicals--
Henry?
I have to say I'm impressed with the initiative. I mean, This case had kind of fallen off the radar.
Whatever.
If holey man was shot here, We'd have more evidence of it, not to mention Someone in the neighborhood would've heard.
Mrs. Torse, when was the last time you saw your husband?
Did he ever contact you?
Any idea who got him?
So this is DV8avenger.
Doc Robbins found rope fibers in the victim's teeth.
Apparently.
Life insurance.
Ray.
Detective Sosa?
Ray, what are you doing?
Well, there's no sign of Gloria and Phil.
Tina Vincent.
Is there a passenger?
Greg, LAPD has given us their full cooperation.
Except we're the ones who are gonna crash the party.
Tina Vincent.
Look, Detective Sosa, this is still a DJK case.
Any word on the mom?
He drives all that way, but when Krick finally gets here, he kills the brother.
You always blame other people for what you're responsible for.
Gina Sinclair.
Samantha Chase, 13.
Hodges ran the fibers that you pulled from the cement blocks.
So what marina employed Ryan Thomas?
Somebody shot Lou Gedda...
But what?
The tarp's pretty clean.
Excuse me, Sylvia, you saw your aunt three days ago?
Yeah, there's a similar pattern to the needles in her arms.
Featuring the human candelabra.
Have you seen this woman?
Maybe we know why.
We traced the drug that killed your sister Rachel to the Clark county zoo.
So Clegg is the connection.
Hodges.
Gravitational blood drops where the other candles have been deliberately removed.
- Oh, yeah, ditto.
I'm thinking, ease of transport.
Directional blood drop.
Your boss is kind of young.
Looks like our feathered friends found him a few hours before we did.
532?
Bingo. Lenny Wesson.
How did he die of a heart attack?
FBI has its perks.
Mrs. Gonzalez, I'm Catherine Willows, Special Agent with the FBI.
From 2000 to 2006, Lady Heather ran a role-playing Red Room out of her home.
Robbins found the other half of the gold metal piece inside one of the female victims.
Is she the co-conspirator in all this, or the mastermind?
What about the look-alike in your home?
Just breathe, Sara.
Hard at work, I see.
I got here as soon as I could.
Suspect's apartment is clear, but we have reports of suspicious activity in the parking garage.
Dispatch, we are here at the Maggadino Apartments off of Coven Gardens. The entire garage is rigged with explosives on timers.
Four colors here.
Cute. Let me guess-- C student?
A high-heeled thief who knew exactly what to look for and killed the only obstacle in their path.
He knows a lot about that campus.
I don't think he's ready for me just yet. I'm going to get to him soon enough.
Are both these sketches drawn to the same scale?
Samay ... Samay Thao. 15527 East Charleston Road. That's a long way from here.
And you know this because...
It's the writing staff?
He's drinking titan springs water.
We're not going to.
