... Cool-looking office. It was kind of fun being out in the field. Pulling drives, collecting evidence ... flashing I.D. I think I got a flair for it.
Not bucking ... nudging. You know people put their lives on these hard drives?
Wow! Serena. Can defrag my hard drive anytime.
Yeah?
In Classic, TNG, DS9, Voyager or Enterprise?
... Or were you thinking about Farscape?
It doesn't matter. Look, I got something to show you here. I found this on Anders' computer.
No, it's actually an FRPG: 'Fantasy role-playing game.' You see, players use avatars to represent themselves in a fantasy world. There's Serena, Todd, and Kwan in this alternate universe conjuring up a gateway, which summons a beast-like Anders, who decapitates Kwan.
Mm-hmm.
You first.
Well, you were right. Kwanspy. On every employee's computer. Program runs in the background, invisible. Copies documents, e-mails, every keystroke. 
Company owns a network, company owns what's on it. Sick, but legal.
Nick, based on these time stamps, everybody in that office was working when Garret Kwan was killed.
Well, modern recording's all digital. Each track's recorded in a separate data file. By looking at the file modification times, we can approximate which tracks were recorded near the time of the shooting.
Let's see, well ... only two tracks were laid down during that time interval. '7:41: Acoustic guitar ... 10:38: Drum track.'
There's the kit drum.
Yeah. Right here. A sudden change in amplitude.
Yeah.
I'll play it again.
Let me take out the drums.
Feels like an engine. V-twin, maybe. Must have been somebody else there. You think we got a witness?
Is that our guy? 
Phone company unblocked all his private numbers for us.
Yeah.  On the left side of the screen are the outgoing calls. On the right, the incoming. What time did the movie start?
Last outgoing call your vic made was at 10:38. 555-0110. Twenty-six seconds.
Yeah, but 555-0110 was the number that called him three times in a row:
Dr. Robbins was that accurate with the T.O.D.?
There was gunfire?
Just getting started. I'll keep you posted.
All right. This is the third audio tape that we found from the bunch in her motel room. She recorded about nine hours in total. Started like this.
At first I thought maybe she was working on a book or something. Then I hit this. Day two.
Is it just me or does it sound like she's in love with this guy?
Well, check this out. Day before the murder. Last thing on her tapes.
Jesus Cardenas. Heroin, possession for sale and manslaughter. Currently serving 25 at the Western Nevada Correctional Facility. 
It's pretty casual for prison.
Right. Anyway, every time we visit it pretty much went the same way. She sits down with Jason Kent, they talk for a little while, and Kent goes back to his cell. Then the last two visits, she stayed behind.
They're offscreen here for about five minutes. 
Then they come back to the table and she leaves.
Yeah, I think so.
Huh, double feature.
National weather service for Las Vegas. Average relative humidity
May 2000.
Well, legally, they can't put cameras in dressing rooms, but there's legal, and then there's what people do.
She did a walk out.
Yeah, my girlfriend does it all the time. She finds something she likes, rips the tags off in the dressing room, hands them to the clerk, and walks out wearing the new stuff.
Well, you can get her prints from the receipts. DNA from the sweater. And you've got a face. You're close.
Hey. Got your surveillance tape of Zero's brother.
Let's find out.
First hand, hundred. Loser.
Second hand, two hundred. Lose.
Third hand, four hundred. Lose.
Fourth hand, Eight hundred. So he's doubling every bet.
Looks like he's all in.
Ten-card twenty-one. What are the odds of that?
So he loses $102,300 in ten hands. What's the $10,000 marker for?
I like a challenge.
That's the blueprint.
Maybe nordic descent. That means ... light complexion, hair ... and ... blue-green eyes.
Pitch, speed, volume -- They're all different. It's not even close.
There's no distortion.
Whoa-ho!
Ultimate power. I could program this bad boy to make me a cup of coffee.
Well... this remote control's got plenty of juice, but ... the board's clean, no scoring.  You know, if I had my choice about how I was going to go out, it would not be electrocution. I think an aneurysm in my sleep-- quick and painless.
From what?
Electrocution through the phone line? I thought that was a myth.
You good on your end?
Good. 
Yeah.
Yeah.
We've ruled out the fan and the chair. Can was in his left hand, so ... the point of entry must've been somewhere else on his body.
This is from the fifth roll of film Delhomme took with your vic. 
Yup. It's two separate images.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Might have needed the cash?
Huh, I thought you were looking for a book.
You think it's the killer's?
Yes, I can.
Huh. Reichenbach.
Reichenbach Falls? 
It's where Professor Moriarty killed Sherlock Holmes.
How'd you know it was going to be there?
Hey.
Yep. The ISP provider sent over the subscriber information for a casinodangmail.com. It's registered to a Dan Nobler, who runs a gambling website.
Well, the server for casinodan.com is in Argentina, which allows him to skirt U.S. gaming laws. However, he's got a Nevada business license. And I have the address.
Uh, well, I don't know if it's relevant, but he recently opened an account with peopledetectors.com. 
I don't know. I'll triage the computer's hard drive.
Reconstruct the deleted e-mails. I'll get back to you on that.
You mean 'pet' him. 
Whoa.
Um, sort of.
That's what I was wondering, too. Check out what happened about an hour earlier.
It's an old security cam. Adjustable focus ring.
Yeah.
Hey, I did my best to enhance the parking garage footage, but I just can't get an image on the killer's face.
Yeah, what do you got?
Grissom told you.
Nick, uh, ... 
I think I scoped this guy earlier.
Yeah.
Yeah, there he is.
Looking dapper. All right.
12:31 A.M. Gets off on the high-roller floor.
Hey, 2:45 A.M.
Enough time to shop and kill.
Well, assuming the third card was Willie's. You can't just walk up to the front desk and pull the 'I lost my key' scam on a VIP suite.
You'd think a cop would know he's on camera, huh?
McCarty's mystery blonde knew the dead hooker.
Check out the time code.
We recovered the hooker's cell phone, thanks to a dumpster diver. These are all her voice mails, the last couple hours before she died. At the same time the blond was making this call, Courtney Evans received a voice mail. So, I synched up the audio to the video.
Yeah? Well, we're looking for Suzy Gibbons.
She knew the vic. She's the blonde in the bathtub.
Hey. Got a fix on the GPS in his Denali.
He just disabled his GPS. Smart guy.
Yeah.
Got him.
The signal's twenty yards north of your position.
Hold on. I'm calling the phone now.
Quite the bash.
They must love kids.
Is that Ernie's son?
Hmm. Don't look like a very happy birthday.
Cake never made it on camera.
It sucks. '80s video cam with built-in, non-directional mic, pulls in nothing but wind and train noise.
This is processed.
Yes. Found the owner of that cell phone.
Nope. Sheila Latham.
If that's your boyfriend, if that's your boyfriend ... 
Looks like the metal connectors got pretty gacked up by the stomach acids. Let's see if it still downloads.
Ah, we're in luck.
I'm guessing that's your missing basketball player.
You know, hang on, I can give you one voice comparison right now.
Oh, Sheila. So does that make her a victim or a suspect?
The only reflective surface in this whole frame is that cabinet.
I'm thinking it's two faces.
Only time I can see it is when the light hits it.
And some dude.
I ran the names of all the victims. This article's the only common link.
This could definitely bait a killer. The only thing missing from this is their address.
Lewis Greyburg wrote the article.
Figures you'd know a showgirl. Take it you've seen her dance, then, huh?
You know the combination?
Shoe phone was ‘Get Smart,' though.
Mm.
What the hell, but I got to leave early. I got a surfing trip in Santa Barbara this weekend.
Okay, professor. And your point would be?
What? 
Sitting.
Hodges, relax, man. I don't want to run the lab.
No. CSIs didn't even realize this was a ‘miniature' case until this was anonymously delivered to the scene the next day.
And when she went all twitchy and through the window ...
Suspects included the boss, Ike Mannleigh.
Raymundo was sleeping with his wife, Bubbles.
Yes, he was.
Look at this.
Yeah, tell me about it. I had to scan this thing for hours. I haven't been able to eat chicken since. Anyway, Ernie Dell was really into model trains. You know, the way a serial killer's really into pets.
So when CSIs went to his house, they found these molds for all these creepy little things ... 
... some of which matched pieces from the Izzy Delancy miniature.
Ernie was caught on some neighborhood watch surveillance video delivering the mini to Penny Garden's house.
You don't know how right you are. He confessed on live video, e-mailed it directly to Grissom.
Later, Betties.
Glory whore.
According to the Palermo, Shannon Turner joined the Player's Club last month. Whenever a player uses a club card at a table game, the floor man writes down what game you played, where you sat, what time you started, time you quit. Then they estimate your average bet, win-loss ratios ...
Well, this is the first time Shannon used her card.
A week later. By now, she's a regular.
Two weeks ago.
Shannon only gambled at Chyna's table.
That depends on how you define luck.
Maybe she blamed Chyna for her losses.
Well, it's Las Vegas.
Hey, Warrick, I got something.
I was scanning the casino footage from the day Chyna disappeared. And she had a visitor--her husband.
'Give me your ring. I really, really hate you. Our marriage is over.'
The older types of cameras only take stills. They take them sequentially for twenty seconds any time a passenger door is opened.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, so he's looking at her. Looks down. He's looking for something. He looks up.
Yeah.
Gus's cab is equipped with a new camera. Video, not stills, motion-activated.
I can't see Dru's cab, so Gus must have rear-ended him when he was stopped.
Well, got part of your killer.
So what do you want to do now?
Well, why'd he stab him? I mean, it's not like he put up a fight.
You think that guy in the back would be an easier target.
Yeah, he was paranoid, but lazy. He had four security cameras on his house; three of them were cardboard boxes. Homemade security is the worst. Okay, so the nephew comes in and out of the house a couple times during the day.
It's a whole different story next door. Okay, this guy comes out of the house and meets with a different car at least three times an hour.
Oh, hey, Gris. I was just looking at footage from the next-door neighbor's, the night the package was delivered.
Never underestimate the Neighborhood Watch.
I don't see a delivery truck.
Because Amanda's murder -- 
-- is still unsolved, I cross-checked the twins' address books. Now, they have no contacts in common, but ... there are a couple freaky things.
Right. And if she'd gone earlier than she was supposed to, she might've run into Jill, who was scheduled to pick up her dry cleaning at 8:30 in the morning. 
But it gets better. Based on receipts from Amanda's planner and Quicken listings from Jill's Treo, they used the same dry cleaner, same car dealership, they both had a weakness for the same frozen yogurt and blended mochas, and in two weeks, Jill was scheduled to teach a university extension class in photography. Guess who was signed up to take the class?
Well, I don't know whose eyes she was using for this guy.
Jill was scheduled to have dinner at Joie de Vive on the night she died.
So Warrick called over and got the surveillance footage. I don't have an ID yet.
Well, the pictures kind of were. Check it out. Look familiar?
These are Jake Lenoir's photographs taken in Iraq last summer. Watch this.
Well, it's a ... essentially an art project.
Well, I can tighten up the image for you.
And the name.
He knew exactly where the cameras were.
Obviously wasn't afraid of being identified.
Then she signs in.
Yeah, and the karaoke singer was Michael Myers from ‘Halloween.'
No, that's Jason. Jason's the sequel. Pamela, the mother, was the killer in the original -- that's the question that tripped up Drew Barrymore in
You watch slasher flicks?
Most of Cody's calls were to a number in Durant, Oklahoma.
All other calls were to PBR staff and to Tiffany.
Well, they're a little more interesting. Check out ... last night.
A dozen calls after midnight from Eric Hong.
You know this guy?
Ah. No worries. Wasn't sleeping anyway.
Big surf movie marathon on cable right now. Yeah, Big Wednesday, Endless Summer, Local Boys.
Yeah. 
Okay. It's going to be tough to go fast with that many names.
Okay. Give me a name and a number.
He called two numbers.
Looks like he called his wife and his home line. Next.
Okay. Huh. 'No user information'. It usually means disposable cell phone.
Monday through Friday, both weeks, she called a different disposable cell phone. That's weird.
Yeah.
See the pattern? 
Sh ... piece of junk.
Where all state employees go when they fail repeatedly.
Sucking down taxpayer dollars in Quantico as we speak. Me, I like to think I'm broadening my horizons.
Oh, happy coincidence indeed, sir. What you got here?
Wow. Somebody needs to switch to decaf.
I could try.
Okay, well, it's a fairly new model. The four letter, three number configuration has only been standard a couple years.
Well, uh ... it's a start.
Yo.
Roman numerals one through six.  All right, let me guess. Star Wars bootlegs.
Yeah.
Black and white Tri-X stock. It's pretty grainy. Photographers like it 'cause you can shoot fast.
Hmm.
Let's see if we can take a better look at that.
The only thing I found on the surveillance tapes was this. 
Well, here's where it gets a little weird.
If he owns the place, he must have known about the surveillance cameras. Right?  Why would he let himself get caught on tape?
Yeah, got it over here.
Maybe.
Well, he's a head taller than that window.
That's definitely not a guy you want to go home with. That cocktail waitress doesn't know how lucky she is.
Well, I think he knows that.
'Hargreen Harvest.'
Well, Tangiers sent over more than twelve hours on this guy. It's gonna take some time, but of course I'll let you know the minute I find anything.
Guy kept his head down the entire time.
Oh, check out what happens when he runs out of money. He starts hitting on the waitress, been doing it to every one of them that walked by.
And this ... is the last good image of him before he leaves the casino. He stops to look at this poster and quickly makes a phone call.
So, why was he so interested in this poster?
Look at this.
South Point Casino, just outside Boulder City. Might be a reason he went there.
17-41-33.
Well, we know this guy likes his waitresses. So maybe that's what he's looking at.  Is that a 'D'? No. 'G,' 'G-I-R'... 'N'? 
Maybe that's what pissed him off.
Hey, people. What's going on?
Are there any prints on the lock?
Playing a murder game. I know, I get it. I wanna play.
Well, I wanna play anyway.
Why not?
Oh. Well, then I'd have a vested interest in the outcome then, wouldn't I?
Yup. So. Are there any prints on the lock?
So somebody stole the blasting cap from Ballistics to make it look like Bobby did it.
Henry? Why would Henry kill me?
Whatever.
Hey, fellas.
Thanks for giving me justice at least.
Pezzulo's wife Kate got rid of Regal Sanitation right after he died.
She fell off the radar. All I could find was this old photo.
