So this lady's expected to die. Is that the story?
That kind of oversight tells you he's stupid.
Gentlemen, we've got ourselves a bull's-eye.
You gotta do a side-by-side comparison to be sure.
Okay.
All right. Here you go. Holly's weapon's already loaded. So, just point at the gun entry hole there to do your test fire.
Okay, now, in order to eliminate Holly's gun as the possible weapon we start by looking for imperfections in the bullet's stria ... now, that's odd.
We don't have an elimination. We got a match.
Striations don't match. 
The gun that killed those five people at the coffee house isn't your store manager's. The good news is -- all of the nine millimeter bullets fired at the scene ... from the same gun. 
You're looking for only one guy.
Indeterminate.
Right gun, wrong barrel.
Check this out.
This is true.
Match the bunter marks?
Etched in by an electrodischarge machine. 
Every casing from a given batch of ammo has the same markings.
... on a microscopic level, we should find similar characteristics ...
Not as airtight as matching the barrel.
What about motive?
Well, actually, Warrick, the evidence round wasn't from the cop's gun. It was from the suspect's.
I was just calling you.
Yeah, carved your bullet out of that hunk of tree. Ah ... you know, a bullet's only this big. 
Y'all gave me a pound of redwood.
You should know.  Heard you wanted Nick to chop down the whole tree.
I found some discoloration on the bullet's tail. Check it out.
Yeah, copper jacketed. The tail was exposed.
Yeah, no way to backdate it, but it's definitely older than y'all's crime scene.
The striaions are different. See? 
There's no way I can say that the bullets taken from the victims were fired by Jennings's gun.
Yeah. Changed how the bullet relates to the barrel so when the bullet emerges, its fine stria are altered.
Whatever it was ... did the job.
Okay, now. Look at the bullet from your vic's thigh. Five lands and grooves on it. That would be a colt. .38 caliber.
And?
Yeah.
Projectile on the left, .45 hollow point courtesy of Adam Brower's back. On the right ... 
... a .45 hollow point extracted from Dustin Bale -- dead clerk at the convenience store. 
Yeah?
Another round from the casino heist?
Well, tip didn't blossom. Not a hollow point, so it's not from Darin Hanson's gun.
All right, 230 grains gives us a .45 automatic.
Okay, normally, lands and grooves are highly delineated.  These are smooth, polished, which means that your projectile was fired from a polygonal barrel. Be right back.
These are the only types of .45 automatics with polygonal barrels. So, the gun that fired your bullet was either a Heckler &amp; Koch USP or a Glock.
Well, that's what I'm doing: Dissecting your bullet.
Hey, Nick.
Count the stripes.
Six lands angroves with a right-hand twist.
Glock's got eight; Heckler and Koch-- six. You got your gun.
Pretty unique weapon. Expensive. Not exactly what you'd buy out of the back of a van.
Only take a second.
See? Can I call it? Only 18 registered in-state. Ten in Clark County; seven of them still in circulation.
Yo, got your bullet. You pulled this out of a CRX, huh?
Well, it's a lead core of a bullet. Looks like a ... medium caliber, just mangled upon impact. Can't get any stria, so, uh ... ... test firing the suspect's weapon's a waste of time. 
Well, I don't know. Take a look at the tip there. 
Yeah, sure thing.
All right, stand back, y'all.
Firing!
Bullet's nose picked up trace of both windows. Just like the one recovered from Jace Felder's car.
All right. Bingo. Your bullet came from that gun.
Yeah, I'm sure.
At a dead end.
Heck of a lot of tissue attached. Let me guess-- this has been in your victim for a while.
The human body's amazing. Three years. 
Tissue forms around the bullet protecting the body from the leaching of the lead. 
Hang on a second. You get approval from Grissom? I don't want him walking in on me.
Sara Sidle ... ?
All right, just checking. Let's go.
Enzymatic detergent ought to clean this baby up. 
Ugh ... Still stained. 
All righty ... time to get serious.
I thought you said the husband got shot, too.
Hey, clean as a whistle. We're good to go. I'll run it through IBIS.
Yeah, sure thing.
Well, why else would I be paging you? A bullet shot from the same gun that was recovered from a liquor store robbery in Henderson six months ago. Check it out. They line up perfectly.
Do you one better? They got the shooter. 
Um, Lockwood's bullet on the right, and the cop car bullet ... what's left of that cop car bullet's on the left. Both projectiles with 308s. Consistent with the m1a.
Mm-hmm. And long guns are only registered to the person who makes the initial purchase ... and the serial numbers aren't recorded.
Well, forensically, yeah, but not cognitively. See, shooting someone from long range, and taking out the engine of a radio car while it is hauling ass ... you're looking at one sharp shooter. And that kind of training only comes from ...
Grissom, hey. 
Grissom, hey, just tested the bullets from your trio in the desert.
Same GRCs as the bullet from Lockwood. Fired from the same rifle.
I'm sorry. I just got excited. You don't get to see many .30-caliber rounds used in crimes, but, uh ...
Hey. Well, good news. All the bullets pulled from the vic are from the same gun. Six right, .380.
We're oh for two matching the bullets to the guns y'all recovered. I did find something, though on one of them shells, if you want to take a look. It's set up for you over there.
Well, I hope it gets you somewhere 'cause all we got here is strike three.
The shooter kept his weapon.
Which is where the shell case and IBIS come in. I'll run it against the national database.
Well, okay. Got us a hit. Los Angeles County sheriff's department found shell casings from the same gun used in a gang murder two years ago.
No. Guy beat the rap. 'Timothy Fontaine, aka 'Tiny Tim.''
Hey.
Yep. These were originally used in indoor shooting ranges where lead buildup's a problem. Copper's less toxic than lead. Take a look.
On the left, bullet from the vic's heart. On the right, bullet test-fired from the revolver recovered at the scene.
Yep.
Hey. Just made a match to your revolver.
No GSR on either the husband's or ex-husband's hands.
Yeah. Well, you know, you asked me to check Marlene Mitchell's bullet for trace?
Well, there isn't any. It's in pristine condition.
Yeah, and it was a standard full metal jacket, not a pre-fragmented.
Uh, Catherine, technically, that's just gel.
Okay, let's shoot it.
Betty Crocker.
Firing one at 100%!
Firing one at 70%!
Firing one at 40%!
Same as Ms. Mitchell.
So standard velocity for a nine millimeter bullet is 1,100 feet per second.
Let's see.
Eighteen hundred feet. Whoa. We're talking six football fields.
Hang on.
All right. If a nine millimeter were fired straight ... it'd go about 600 feet before gravity brought it down, but if a bullet were fired at an angle ... could go a heck of a lot further.
Um ... bullets are predictable.
Good luck knocking on doors.
Firing two shots!
So, that sig-sauer you found ...
Relatively nondescript. Uh, the blue stuff, sent a sample to Trace. Pretty sure it's from some sort of bag that melted in the explosion.
A-ha. Pre-fragmented ammo. Now they're unique. Exemplar's under the magnifier. 
Copper jacket contains lead shot sealed with a clear epoxy plug.
It's designed to enter a target, but not exit.
Well, say you're on a commercial flight. Plane gets hijacked. US Air Marshal needs to take down the hijacker ...
Right. Nowadays, magsafes are sold commercially, but there's really not much of a market. So chances are, your driver's a Federal Air Marshal.
Yo.
That came from a .357 magnum revolver.
Ran the baby through IBIS and get this: The gun was used in a '98 robbery. The suspect was arrested but released on insufficient evidence and the gun was returned.
Aaron Colite, from Henderson.
Been better.
I was about to test-fire the mac-10 when it accidentally discharged. Don't know how it happened. Should've been more careful.
Uh ...  Sara Sidle and Greg Sanders. Gun was found next to a dead body at an off-strip parking lot.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I figured out what caused that A.D. Some garage gunsmith tried to turn this baby into a machine gun.
Not to mention dangerous. Here, take a look. See, the trip has been ground down, which prevents the bolt from locking back.
It's also ground down. Nearly halfway through the metal.
Well, it's all yours.
Okay, Mr. Greg, your most likely match is a .44 round recovered from a drug-related shoot-out in Mesquite five days ago. Case is still open.
Fire in the hole!
Hey. 
So, that, uh, buried gun y'all recovered, wasn't used to kill Bradford.
Most bullets are copper, but take a look at the fatal bullet. It's silver.
So your 'soda-can killer' was a copper-washed .22. Now I could only get general rifling characteristics -- six lands and grooves with a right-hand twist, um, but ...
Exactly. Sorry, man.
Yeah, see, human tissue sticks pretty darn good. And I can't scalpel it off, because I might damage the bullet's characteristics. So, uh ... 
So, the bullet is practically smooth. I mean, no sharp-edged rifling marks.
Yeah, yeah, and got an IBIS hit off of a firing pin impression. Murder weapon is an H&amp;K MP-5.
Yeah. It's registered to LVPD.
Yeah.
Those babies are very popular with law enforcement, and that one is issued to SWAT ... and reported stolen during a drug raid on Vegas Valley and Sandhill ... six months ago.
Uh, no, not yet, but, boss, I don't think that's your murder weapon.
Uh, here, I'll let Hawkeye show you.
Well, Hodges will have to confirm, but I'm pretty certain it's cream of wheat.
Snap, crackle and pop. Uh, the dried powdered wheat particles actually augment the smoke, and, uh, seal the gunpowder in the cylinder.
Yeah. I don't think that Colt's fired a real bullet in quite a while.
That confirms the gun found at the scene was used to kill this, uh ...  Christina Adalian.
Yeah, of course. Anyway, Greg, your two-inch Colt was originally purchased in 1986 by a Mr. Duane McWane from Henderson. Good luck.
So, what do you think that is?
Where did Grissom find that?
'Cause see, those scrapes and gauges look like road rash. Like when you toss a gun out of a moving car.
Hey, Grissom. So Warrick recovered a nine-millimeter pistol from Fausto's motel room, and I matched it to the cartridge case from the kid in the hospital. I also found the kid's bike there.
Hodges, it's not so much that these guns are my babies, okay? It's just that in order to replace them, I got to go to property, got to locate another gun, fill out all that paperwork, so all I'm saying is, I would appreciate not being left out of the loop, okay?
Whatever.
It has become my priority, or so I was informed by Undersheriff McKeen -- give me about an hour?
Looks like a copper-jacketed nine-millimeter, consistent with cop ammo.
Hey. Warrick tell you about the IBIS hit?
I was confirming my findings. Don't want to make any mistakes.
The bullet has the right GRC's for a Sig-sauer. Sergeant Adams carries a Beretta. Carroll, too. Davis has a Glock, so that rules him out. However, both detectives Brass and Curtis carry Sigs. But take a look.
Means there's almost no chance of identifying that to a specific gun.
Sorry, boss. I mean, there's just no way I can tell you who shot Officer Bell.
Uh, excuse me. Uh, what are you doing?
Uh, well, can I help you with something?
Uh, yeah, just about to run them.
Bullet that killed Holstein was a nine-mill, same caliber as Zamesca, but no match. Killer could have used a different gun. 
'Course I know where those blasting caps are. They're right in here.
That's not possible. No.
Wait ... Y'all don't think I had something to do with ...
I didn't kill Henry.
No, not even by accident.
I only had a couple of minutes for lunch, and I had a bunch of photo emulsion sheets that needed to be stored. And I store them in the freezer.
You know, I don't really like being persecuted.
So?
Yeah, which is exactly why I would never use Teflon-based two-part oil.
Real gun guys hate that stuff. If it separates in the can, it separates in the gun.
Back to work. This is ridiculous.
I didn't do it! I didn't do anything! I swear!
Hey! OFFICER MITCHELL: Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
