Hikers found her. Looks like a gunshot to the head.
No.
How old are those creepy crawlers?
Oh.
I ID'd her body through AFIS, and located her husband.
You know, I'm not even going to ask.
Well, the neighbors heard a gunshot at their apartment five days ago. The 'grieving' husband ... 
... his name is Scott Shelton.
Yeah, in New Orleans soaking up the gumbo. You told us. When was the last time you saw your wife?
And you didn't think to notify the police?
So this neighbor lady who told me that she heard a gunshot and a woman scream inside your apartment ... what, she just imagined that?
Three complaints against Scott for spousal abuse in the last two years.
Looks like your gun's just been cleaned.
No bullets missing here. 
Bullets missing here, though.
Come on. 
The neighbor puts him in the apartment five days ago. You tell me she's been dead five days and a jury is going to jump all over that coincidence.
Good luck.
This is good. Admitting to prior abuse to cover up actual murder.
So, you planning a little late-night luau? Roast pig?
I thought your bugs never made mistakes.
So it took longer for the insects to get in there?
Well, let me ask you this. You killed a pig just for this?
I mean, wouldn't a rabbit be easier?
Yeah, I've been saying that since I was a rookie. You're on your own pal.
To a degree. You know ... in a general way.
You know, I been waiting three days to do this. No, make that five days. Let's go.
Well, if it isn't the boss himself! Where's your E-street band?
Ah, I can sling scum all day long. You?
Oh, yeah? Well, wait. The shopping cart's over here. The missing woman is Margaret Shorey. Lives with her sister. Went out to get groceries; never came home. Car's still in the parking lot.
Maybe she left the purse as a marker.
Sister broke her wrist in a car wreck.
Junk-food junkie.
Oh, that's sanitary.
What are you doing?
Oh, man ...
What?
See what?
All I see is a clean door.
So my guys tell me that your guy Nick is helping a working girl at a five-star and it was quite a commotion.
And if I know, it means a lot of other people know. People bigger than you and me. A kid from a crime lab doing favors for a hooker can't make the unit look too good, huh, boss?
I bet that's just what Nicky said.
That kid over there started to take a leak.
Found the body.
In this heat?
You can keep the pen as a souvenir.
Hey, hey, hey.
Two cheeks on the car. There you go.
Here you go, bubba.
Police! Step away from the truck, put your hands on the back of your head! Keep your hands in sight! 
Get out of the truck! 
Step away from the truck. Put your hands on the back of your head.
Don't make me ask you twice. Move! Hands on the back of your head! Hands on the back of your head!
Left hand on the wall, right hand on the wall. Check him for weapons.
It's all yours.
Okay. All right, listen. The first one of you lowlifes can name that tune gets to make a deal. Hmm? The difference between the chair or life in prison. So ...
Cuff him.
Hey, hey, hey ... Where is she?
What's this? An anonymous package from county lockup?
Yeah, well, hey, just a second. Wait a minute. Give an innocent bystander a chance to clear out, will you?
With any luck it'll be the next episode of G-String Divas.
That's an arson case -- a few months ago. The DA is asking for the death penalty.
An innocent man. Jail's full of them.
Yo, cousin. 
I'm going to save you some gas here. I did some checking on your pal Damon.
Eyewitness saw him running from his burning house. Inside was his wife and kid. Now, wife's a big spender. Maxed out on the credit cards. They just bought the place and already he's late on the payments. Couple's always arguing about money. No surprise.
Maybe he didn't mean to. Maybe he needed the insurance dough and things got out of hand.
Well, I got something for you on that, too. Gasoline found in the master bedroom closet.
Did you skip the page with Damon's credit card receipts? Guy bought a gallon of gas a week before the fire.
Read my lips. There is no compelling evidence to suggest Damon was wrongfully charged.
We're all clear to go in, but here's what we got. Couple of head wounds. Elderly guy had his arm torn off. The only fatality so far is Jake Richards, a security guard. Body's still inside.
How big you think this bomb was?
Sure.
How did you learn so much?
So what, you just, uh, blow up bombs and study them?
Someone died in that office building.
All right. 
Don't you love the smell of sulfur in the afternoon? You might want to go and take a tour of Dominic Kretzker's house. I tracked down the sale of SnoozeWell clocks. Nine hundred twenty-six credit card purchases in the last three months in Clark County -- seven to Dominic Kretzker of Prairie Road.
That your scanner?
Want to show us that clock of yours?
Look what I found. Sulfur. You blow up any bombs recently?
You keep your key piece of evidence that could nail you?
Well, that's cute.
We called you. We left word.
Well, maybe so but you're under arrest. Put him in the car.
Well, vultures never sleep, huh?
Sound familiar? Tell you one thing: If he's guilty, he's putting on one hell of a show. 
Bad news. Another Fourth of July.
Thrift Right Car Rental on Flamingo. Ten minutes ago.
So, the manager was working the lot when he heard the blast. Fatality was on the check-in line and died on the way to the hospital. 
No. No one heard anything.
Norman Stirling?
The bombing of the thrift-right car rental and the bombing of the Hansen Building.
You were let go by ThriftRright last year, and lost a court battle to get your job back. In fact, they filed a TRO against you for throwing furniture around their headquarters last July.
Good. You can call him from the car. He can meet us at the PD. Take him in. Come on, let's go.
Tyler, were you aware of your father's lawsuits against thrift-right car rental?
What does 'FP' stand for? It was etched into both bombs. 
I'm Detective Jim Brass -- Las Vegas Police Department. Are you Mrs. Bennett?
Mrs. Bennett, everything is all right. We're just going to ask a few questions down at the station.
Yeah, that's a lot of years. Maybe a few too many for the missus.
How did you guys do?
Just the murder weapon.
Cleaned, in the widow's garage.
Well, because someone killed your husband, Mrs. Bennett ... and was strong enough to wield an electric saw to do it.
Why didn't you report him missing? Were you used to him leaving or did you fight much?
Oh, sure, Mrs. Bennett, sure. Just sign this form please.
I called that whistle-blower's line at the local treasury office. You know, the one that handles social security fraud? They were happy to help.
The signature's the same till seven months ago. Q.D. Matched the lady's writing. Mrs. Bennett, you've been cashing your dearly departed's checks, haven't you?
So now it's suicide?
I don't know. You're the lab guys. What is the evidence telling you?
Ah. Well, 'when faced with evidence that can equally exonerate or implicate a suspect', we must 'as objective interpreters of that evidence ... side with the defendant.' Tie goes to the runner.
Okay, then. I guess I'm out of here. I'll go start my paperwork.
Maybe thirty years ago when she was the headliner at the Lido de Paris.
Look around you.  This is going to take all nigh
Excuse me for a minute.
Hi. Well, I got the horsepower on everybody here. 99% of the people know nothing, saw nothing. Big surprise.
Well, according to her friends she's been romancing some young stallion for over a month. She's in love. She's cruising the Mediterranean on some yacht, eating cheese cubes. Got a couple watching the house. Apparently, she often takes in strays. Mr. and Mrs. Haynes, this is Gil Grissom and Catherine Willows. They're from the crime lab.
You need an oil well in your backyard to belong to that place.
You can say that again.
Sheriff?
Every half for me.
Yeah, uh ... hi. 
I just have a few more questions about the whereabouts of Mrs. Richmond.
So, let's, uh ... let's just take baby steps. Where is she?
And if someone wanted to reach her?
Yeah.
That's funny. I was just here a couple days ago.
Before my time.
Yeah ... um, looks heavy.
Hey. We got the whole place clocked. Keeping an eye on the Haynes couple. Sheriff doesn't want them skipping town.
What are you, a couple of kleptos?
A $5,000 stole your wife stole? What, are you guys in business?
Is that kind of like the guy who, uh walks out of the auto mall with a nissan sentra in his pocket?
Just answer the question.
You saying that she lifted it?
Where you been?
Sheriff getting your ass, eh? Well, I just hit megabucks. Austin PD has five aliases for Chad Matthews. 
Tom Sheridan, wanted in Beacham County. Petty theft, check fraud. 
Warner Drysdale, wanted in Sacramento. Grand larceny, car theft. 
Guy took a car for a test drive ... never brought it back. Jock Jasper-
Yeah, and organized, too. The Denver PD sent me copies of his journal. Guy kept lists of rich women all around the country. Logged in all their vitals. Height, weight, how much money they have, you name it. Guess who was on that list.
Okay, you can pick up the tab. Let's keep talking about motive.
Maybe he thought it was the Sheriff, and blew it off.
'Moes.' I'm rubbing off on you.
Or whoever.
The cheese, brother. Maybe that 1.6 mil they raised at the charity event that night.
I don't know, but if Lacey Duvall hadn't been murdered Patrick Daynes reinvents himself becomes another Skippy in another state, $1.6 mil richer.
I hate going out to lunch with you CSIs. You notice everything.
On behalf ... of the State of Nevada my apologies. You've been cleared of all charges.
But ... on behalf of the State of Texas you're under arrest. You're being extradited for the murder of Lana Grimshaw.
Oh, right. She's incommunicado.
You're both under arrest for the murder of Portia Richmond.
Here's what I know so far. Victim was a well-dressed woman, young, black. She's at Desert Palm Hospital multiple gunshots to the head possible sexual assault. Doctor has her as 'death imminent.'
Silk or lace, something like that. Definitely not denim.
Canine voodoo.
You want to explain that caveat?
Hey. This is, uh, Detective Sam Vega from the gang detail. He's here to give us information on 23rd street. This is Gil Grissom and Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
Okay, Nick, ready to burn some shoe leather? Some old-fashioned police work? What do you say, huh?
So, Tony, where were you two nights ago?
You mind if we look at those? We got some scrubs for you to wear.
That's why we're asking Tony to volunteer ... with your permission ...
No, ma'am, it's the law. We're working this case as a murder.
Joseph Felton, 44. Not an employee; no reason to be here.
No. 
Burn marks?
Hmm ...
Three hundred and something, small bills.
Yeah. Hey, Nicky, you paged me?
Yeah.
I see where you're going. So Hanson gets out of jail, hooks up with our dead guy.
That's not bad. Any chance you guys found the murder weapon?
Darin ... you and Felton, you go back, huh?
Where were you this morning early A.M.?
We can't hold him.
So we're looking at a split personality?
Is there any scientific evidence that supports this disorder?
Revenge for a kidnapping 21 years after the fact?
Maybe, uh, Miss Mirror-has-two-faces is playing us for fools. We corner her with the evidence, she goes nuts sets the groundwork for an insanity plea.
Yeah?
Well, this ought to be interesting.
22 bus tickets bought with your credit card to 22 different states? You made sure that we couldn't track her. Now, that's aiding and abetting the flight of a suspected felon.
Well, if she's apprehended, yes. Otherwise it's a felony. You're going to jail.
Frankie? 
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
They had dinner at Andre's. Coroner's assistant has his wallet with the credit card receipt.
Saved five bucks, cost them their lives. Carjacking gone bad.
Never?
Oh, man ... 
It's a quiet street, weeknight. Neighbors heard the commotion. Kid over here, he had the only view.
Hey, Warrick. Is Grissom around?
You know between you and me, as long as I've been on the job I still don't like touching dead bodies.
wow.
You're getting more like Grissom every day, man.
Yeah. A patrol car located the Shepherds' SUV.
The car is registered to our dead couple.
Unless you're joyriding.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Just the rain. The evidence on the outside of the vehicle will be compromised.
What's that?
What's she doing here?
Hmm.
Yeah, I know. You know, I ... I can't believe you messed up the crime scene.
Mmm. Going to bother you all day.
Jessica Hall. Date of birth -- 8-5-73.
Cell phone, power's off. Didn't call 9-1-1. They would've instructed her to leave it on.
Yeah, so?
Maybe she's like 28% of Americans -- she doesn't buckle up.
I'll go radio the 4-19.
We need to know the make of that knife.
I got a cop question. What are we looking for here?
Yeah.
Not so fast, Nicholas. P.D. traced a call Shepherd made to Jessica from Andre's restaurant.
Yeah, right. Try not to kill too many people.
Yeah. I'm going to run Jessica's cell phone records and Shepherd's. If anything was between those two we'll find out.
Stay here, fella.
Bad karma. Jessica and this Shepherd guy had been phoning each other day and night for the past two years. What does that tell you?
And there's more. On the night of the murder, after Jessica got off the phone with shepherd, she made a call.
So Jessica hired her ex-husband to kill her boyfriend's wife.
Oh, I bet I can tell you that conversation.
Makes financial sense.
Jessica took the car. You hid in plain sight, offering aid to the victim.
Timmy. 
The Shepherds -- to the world they looked like the perfect couple.
They can be deceiving?
No papers filed. College sweethearts. Neighbors say they're the salt of the earth.
They feel safe in the neighborhood.
Attic, wine cellar, crawl space. No four-month-old baby.
Yeah, guy got rich off some dot-com outfit. Moved here from Oregon two years ago.
I understand, but it's best for our investigation if we keep the whole family together.
You were saying, Mrs. Anderson?
We contacted the Association. The story checks out. I also did a background search. Tyler has quite a temper on him, don't you, Ty?
You were expelled from school twice last year for physical altercation.
Your brother Zack say something you didn't like you weren't going to let him get away with either?
Maybe you can explain why your printer was used to create the ransom note found in the Anderson home.
From the Anderson home.
Sure. Quickest way to end a guy's marriage.
Geez. Haven't these people ever heard of divorce?
That's because this mother is the bad guy. 
CNN just dug up a 13-year-old charge against Gwen Anderson. I heard it on the car radio.
It's called shaken baby syndrome. The oldest boy-- Tyler? When he was a newborn she shook him so hard they had to go to the hospital. She shook the kid unconscious.
Yeah. They were on the phone with the arresting officer from Oregon. He faxed me this report. Our grieving mother ... her record for child abuse.
Hey. We're up.
All on his own?
Well, it's a legitimate question. But I have to work on my tone. You're right.  I'll try again. All on his own?
We, uh we have a receipt that links them to your client.
We'll be in touch.
Why didn't you just tell the truth? 
Welcome to the caffeine wars. I got four dead, one on the way to the hospital. The kid who belonged to those headphones.
One behind the counter. One in the back room.
I bet you do. Who doesn't know Frankie Flynn? Used to own the Orpheus. Lost his gaming license a couple of years ago.
Yeah, you got that r
This is Al Robson -- Frankie Flynn's bodyguard.
Till's full, and all the wallets are accounted for. I don't think anyone was interested in the, uh, cash ... or the coffee.
Maybe. Frankie drives a bulletproof car. What does that tell you?
Make that five. Guy died on the way to the hospital.
Yeah. Nine bullets, all the same caliber. Looks like Robson never got a shot off. I wouldn't want him as my bodyguard.
Sure.
Okay.
This one?
I'm Detective Brass. Catherine Willows. Nick Stokes from the crime lab.
They didn't make it.
Guess who used to sign Brad Kendall's paychecks six years ago?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Brad, thanks for coming in. We just got a few more questions.
So you used to work for Frankie Flynn?
Sit down. Sit down.
Did you see him outside the coffee shop?
We'll need to see the weapon and any spare ammo.
I got a ton of people out interviewing every two-bit stiff that ever had a beef against Flynn. They're all doing the smart thing -- keeping their mouth shut.
You know something I don't know?
Would you like us to explain the mechanics of s*x in the workplace?
You had the power. Happens all the time.
I've got a court order.
Brad Kendall, you're under arrest for the murder of Frankie Flynn, Al Robson, Roy Hinton, Alice Neely and Erin McCarty.
I have a teenage daughter. So, no, I don't know what you mean.
Whoa, whoa. What, you start the party without me? That could get dangerous. Thomas Pickens?
I got a court order. These rides stay in Vegas and you're coming with me.
You know, the thought never crossed my mind. Come on.
Yeah, but it's limited in scope. The boyfriend's an attorney so we can't toss the place.
Here's a warrant. Where's your bedroom?
{unintelligible}
More like a four.
...Sleepy hollow.
What does that mean?
Can we offer you girls something to drink?
You want to tell us why two college freshmen were driving a stolen BMW with a head in the trunk?
You know what I think? I don't think you two are murderers. I think you're just felony stupid. But, for now, you're being booked on evading arrest, grand theft auto, DWI. You go with this officer here.
Whoa. Who are you, pal?
I'm Jim Brass. Homicide. This is Gil Grissom. Crime lab. Does a Victor DaSilva live here?
In the middle of the night? Back up, Slick. We got some bad news.
So when was the last time you saw Victor DaSilva with his head attached?
So he worked for an ad agency. What else did he do for a living?
What about you? I mean, besides painting walls.
Yeah. You know, you don't seem too shook up about DaSilva's death.
Well, I hope you got paid in advance. 
Found a picture of Victor DaSilva and, uh ... somebody.
Cut out.
Why are we in the closet?
Hmm.
Mr. Calloway, would you mind coming in here, please? 
Manager spotted the blood during a night sweep. 
Want to know who the shed reregistered to? Victor DaSilva.
It ain't gorilla.
You had access to victor DaSilva's house?
You own a gun? I don't mean a paint gun.
Take off your shoes and socks. We need to verify.
Yeah, but what's the point? Pretty good gimmick they got here, though. You eat peanuts, toss the shells on the floor -- nobody gives a rat's ass.
Incidental.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Here it is.
Probably his girlfriend.
Fred Applewhite?
We know that. When did you move out?
And you took all your possessions with you?
So, you were hoping for a reconciliation.
Let me tell you what I think happened.
So, what did you forget?
And when you came back out your car was gone.
Eileen Jane Snow. Lady she carpools with couldn't get her to answer the door. Police broke in.
Audrey Hayes was strangled in her basement and the other one ended up in a park.
M.O. is how he breaks in. Signature's what he does once inside.
Sara.
What about Paul Millander? Maybe he's our guy. 
And, uh, he had the latex hands. And he's a serial.
Maybe our brethren at the FBI have some sort of special database.
Never make an enemy when you can just as easily make a friend. FBI's okay. I've kissed worse ass. But I've got to say I don't like this decoy op the Feds are talking up. 
I remember when Holly Gribbs died. I sent her out in the field and she wasn't ready.
I know what you told him.
He's the husband. His name's Brad Walden. They're locals, come here a couple times a year. He was downstairs playing poker. She was up here reading a romance novel. He comes back five grand richer. He finds her like this.
You're the boss.
Right, okay, all right, got it.
I just spoke with the FBI. They'll back us up if we need it, but we have to handle it.
It's a three-hour window.
A ransom message with a short fuse means that the victim's situation will cause her to expire by or before the deadline regardless of what we do.
It's a form of passive murder if you want to be, uh...
Has her behavior changed recently -- drug use, alcohol, things like that?
Uh-huh.
We don't want to go there yet.
It's a very strong suggestion, yes.
Look, if you give up the cash the kidnapper has no reason to communicate with us.
Well, your job just got harder.
I'll stay close to the money.
Geez, you scared me.
We hope.
Why? 'Cause he's probably just walking his dog.
Dogs take their time. What, do you want to be rushed?
Nobody moves. You got that? Rock solid till my order.
Copy.
Victor-9, affirmative. Way to go. Major player is in our sight. Will update. Out.
Move on ball cap! Move, move, move!
I can think of about two million reasons, Tiger.
So you want to talk to us, no lawyer?
And the fact that you're Jack Garris' trainer?
Yeah. 
And the layout of the guy's house.
You want to explain why we found your fingerprints all over the crate Laura Garris was buried in?
Don't go too far, pal.
Aw, kid didn't give up a thing ... except the tape that'll break the case open.
Yeah. The guy has no idea what you science types can do with a little audiotape.
We just picked up our kidnapper-- Chip.
His lawyer was at his house -- wants to make a deal.
Oh, yeah, Kreskin? What's that?
The Victim?
So, what do you think, drowning?
If Wendy Barger was sleeping around, none of her friends knew about it.
Nope. And as far as I can tell, the husband's on the level. He was happier in the marriage than she was.
Oh, man. I wish I had been married to you.
Oh ... mm ... 
I still got half a burger. Besides, I prefer live bodies.
Judge Cohen, you're under arrest for obstruction of justice tampering with state's evidence and violating seven articles of scumbag.
Nice work, man.
Could you wait right here, please?  Stay with Mr. Swelco.
Aah, you know, the usual beep-bap-bop, you know? The guy said he cut his hand cleaning fish. Got a tetanus shot. That's his excuse for the blood we found on the boat. But I'll call the Lake Clinic to confirm.
Oh, shut up. Stevie, hang with him.
Where was the last place you saw your friend?
You two work together?
You guys go into the desert?
You just told us.
So spill it.
Guy knows a lot about the Nevada State Penal Code.
Can you remember your last hours with him Saturday night?
We just don't know if it was an act of aggression or self-defense.
Sara Sidle, Warrick Brown? Officer Joe Tyner.
He responded to shots fired. The suspect fled the scene.
Drawn but not fired.
It's okay. It's okay.
Tyner told you what happened here. Whose side are you on?
Well, at least test the dead guy's hands for gun residue.
Yeah.
What the hell's going on here?
Next time, don't start without me. I'm the union rep on this one.
Is the expended round still missing?
Tyner ... sit down, sit down. What you do need is for these guys to go out and find the missing bullet. 
So what are you waiting for?
Is this payback, Warrick? Is that what this is? I was tough on you, so Officer Tyner takes my heat?
D.A. is filing charges. On the testimony of a bleary-eyed car jockey who was 40 feet from the jeep.
Joe, you shouldn't be here.
This is your fault, Gil. Your nose is so far down a microscope you have no idea what your people are doing.
Hey, I sat in your chair. Your guys have one job: To find the evidence. So where the hell is the missing bullet? Huh?
So I bet you think I owe you one, huh?
Fine with me. 
O'Riley was primary on this till it passed over to me. Big deal.
They sent their caseworker over to the hospital so meet her there with the kid.
Look, I'm not asking you to adopt her. Just take her over to sunrise for a Psych Eval, will you?
Tina, do you know what time you heard those noises?
And that's when you hid in the closet?
Does your family normally keep the doors locked at night?
How about this, Tina? You live in a house with six people, right? You must be used to hearing footsteps in the kitchen late at night. Why so scared last night?
So it just disappeared?
Here's a pen. Start writing.
You want a lawyer? Okay, we'll get you a lawyer. Investigator Stokes will stay with you just in case you remember where you left that scooter.
The kid's name is Jesse Overton. He time-shares the scooter. He admits to having s*x with your girl, and he's asking for a lawyer. 
I want to get a warrant and search his house. I'll keep you posted.
Sophisticated criminal, huh? 
This is the getaway vehicle. Tossing it in his own trash? What else is new? 
Whoa. Is this a pair of jeans under all that blood?
What was that?
Had to, once I put the murder weapon in his mug.
Well, the sick b*st*rd is on the up and up.  Except your last question. Your 'Why'?
Operator says his respiratory reactions were inconsistent. He's lying.
Oh ... you're going to love this.
Ring any bells? Rub-a-dub-dub, dead man in a tub.
Sleeping bag for easy cleanup. Open window so the stench alerts the neighbors.
You tell me, Karnak. 
Now, that's weird.
What kind of language is that? Swedish?
Sure. Okay.
Quincy wants to be alone. We had a case like this three months ago -- a guy found dead in his bathtub. Turned out the suicide was staged. Found a mini-recorder as a suicide note. 
Killer may have struck again.
He wants to get his mojo working.
Three. Did a DMV search.
Yeah, one. Last week. It came in a couple of hours ago. 
Take a look.
Yeah, well, don't bet the sub shop, Warrick. That's about all the evidence you're going to get out of the Bentley. We found it at a car wash off of warm springs. It's been vacuumed detailed -- the whole works. It's cleaner than brand-new.
Dr. Livingston. Your dead man is making cash withdrawals.
The second. Stuart Rampler. The bank called. His ATM card showed a couple of withdrawals after his time of death.
The whole machine?
Okay.
How you doing?
We canvassed a square-mile radius of the ATM machine. Started throwing bums hamburgers out the car window in a nice tight spiral. They ratted him out in 20 minutes.
You want to tell him how you were approached?
No kidding?
How do you like it -- Medium rare? No, you look like a well-done kind of guy.
Can we start again, please?
He pay you cash?
I'll call the brigade.
The luggage stays in the plane. We're going to treat this like a crime scene until we're told otherwise. Tim, Sam, talk to the coach passengers. See what you can't learn. 
All right, look, I'm going to talk to the first class passengers -- they're in the lounge. Let's meet back there in a half an hour, all right?
Las Vegas Air.  Always heard it was a good time.
About thirty minutes ago.
Everyone in first class -- nine passengers, one flight attendant.
Sequestered in the lounge. According to the Flight crew, the deceased had some sort of panic attack and died before they landed.
Deceased found lying between rows one and two.
What is that? Blood?
Oh, it's going to take a lot of tape.
Can I have your attention? I'm Jim Brass, from homicide. This is Catherine Willows and Warrick Brown from Las Vegas Criminalistics. They're here to gather evidence.
In what way?
What did you do?
Your knuckles are pretty banged up.
Lou Everett?
How'd you get that slice around the chops?
I think you need some coffee.
A few cocktails on the plane, Lou?
Mr. Valdez was your life in danger?
Stevie, keep these guys on ice.
I'm sorry, ma'am. This is as far as your daughter can go but we'll have an officer stay with her.
Hi. My name is Jim. What's your name?
Emily. Oh, that's a great name. Emily, I'm going to make you a deal, okay? We're going to borrow your mom for a little while.
Okay? And here's the good part. You get to borrow anything you see on me.
Well, you know, my gun ... it's kind of ... it's old, and it's heavy and ... and it's stuck there. Anything else?
You got a deal, and you know what? This is the best thing. You know why? Because anyone gives you any trouble all you got to do is ... flash this. There you go.
So, were you scared?
Did you see what happened?
Okay. Okay. It's okay. 
Sweet kid -- Emily. Uh, so, er ... Behrle ... how long have you been a physician?
Okay.
And what was the nature of your visit to, uh ... to Las Vegas?
What did happen?
Well, you've seen cops the tv show, so you know our game. The first one to talk gets to make a deal.
No? Well, maybe your daughter Emily needs you to take one.
Tony Candlewell, dead guy.
So, you want to tell us what we're doing here?
Lou.
And, according to the Flight Attendant that's when our stiff lost it and started hammering his call button.
I know what my guy's doing in my seat -- Lou. He's getting ticked off.
That's when he winds up and breaks your seat.
Peacemaker, my ass.  He's got three empties in the pouch.
Seat reeks of whiskey.
The guy probably spilled Lou's drink.
I was boss at CSI once. For a reason.
Anyway, Lou gets up. He's angry. He takes a swipe at the guy. After knocking a few back at 33,000 feet you know, probably misses. And what does he get for his trouble?
Right. So he falls back ... Well ... maybe Lou ... 
... spills his own drink.
Yeah, but you're lucky. Your wife is going to make sure that you get in the playing field.
I did. Max told the dead guy to sit down. He turned, he shoved Max into the food cart 
... Max landed on the ground.
Then he swipes him across the hand. Hence the defensive wound.
Now it's a whole new ball game. It's every man for himself.
Ditto.
We're in close quarters, so there's elbows flying everywhere.
Right.
Yeah. And our guy...
... was found five feet away ... with his head towards coach.
Wish I had Tony Braun's gardener working for me. Guy sniffed it out from the jump. Blinds were drawn shut. Side gate unlocked. Dogs let out. 'A' plus 'B' plus 'C' equals 9-1-1.
So the rumors about ol' Tony boy are true. Drug overdose.
How would you know?
Yeah, looks like the guy had a pill for everything. Can you get a print off those balloons?
It's Braun's 'Squeeze'. She's an ex-stripper, too. Perhaps you two met in a professional capacity.
Uh, let's see.
Quote: 'Out.' Endquote. When Tony's drug dealer showed up, she split. She slept at a friend's house. She didn't like the way Tony acted when he was cruising on magic carpets.
Why don't you just put the camera away before you get arrested?
That's a lawyer's call.
Based on your pupes, I could take you in right now.
When did you last deliver?
Well, she told us as soon as you got there, she left.
What? 'Shave the soul patch?'
First time I heard that.
Got you a brand-new Mercedes, didn't it?
Look, when you left your half a house where did you go?
Well, let's get her on the line.
Let me guess -- she's incommunicado.
Anybody ever tell you to call before you dig?
Oh, is that right? From who? A dead man? You got a name?
Do me a favor, Curt Ritten. Put down the shovel.
Stand over there.
Hey, guys, you might want to check out the basement.
No, burglary, theft and conspiracy, to start.
How'd you know where the silver was buried?
Ever work on his house?
Oh, so, you've been to his house?
Tools of the trade, Curt. Construction items -- hammer, duct tape?
Yeah, well, whatever you don't tell us, we'll find it.
Hey. I've got Detective Vega rounding up Walt Braun. Apparently, this Janine Haywood really got around. 
When she wasn't at Braun's house playing girlfriend, she's over at 'vault boy's' flat playing mistress ... which gives neither of them a credible alibi.
Then I let the girlfriend go. Curt Ritten goes back to lock-up until he posts bail.
Bail processing is this way.
Well, I got motive. According to the family lawyer, the drug addict ... 
I'm calling it what it is. I know you're friends with the family but the guy used heroin. He was a drug addict who stood in line to inherit the old man's fortune.
Walt's out of the picture. He's left out in the cold.
Yeah. Tony promised he'd take care of him. Whatever he got, he split 50-50 all in ... silver included ... up until about a month ago.
Will you volunteer us a DNA sample? It will confirm your story or confirm ours.
So you were at Tony's house the morning he died. Along with Walt Braun whose prints we confirmed on the doggy door.
News flash, sweetheart: Can't make a deal if you keep your mouth shut.
Ain't love grand?
Guy was running one of the oldest scams in Vegas. Would have gotten away with it, to until the getaway driver put a nickel in the guy's jukebox. 
That's the Ortons from Florida. The, uh, couple ID'd the deceased as the con man.
That's the Ortons' money. 
Not in the garage.
Thanks, Sam. The chip clip. Haven't seen that one in a while. 
How's that?
Hey, I got the horsepower on your Vic. Vincent Avery. Age 28, con man out of Atlantic City. Got enough petty thefts and grand larcenies on his record to choke a hippo.
Either that or a spot on your lens.
Hey.
Where you going with this?
Well, there's got to be more than one Ellie Brass in the world. 
Okay, you told me.
PD brings in suspects. I'll put Vega on it.
Of course.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
So, we're going to pick up right where we left off huh, Ellie?
Now you're telling me to get involved.
Hey, listen, nothing places her at the murder.
Vega's on it, he'll find her boyfriend and if I know my daughter, that's your shooter.
So, what, did Warrick tell you to call me?
What am I supposed to do? Hold my breath and count to ten?
Look. I go on the job, it's standard police work. Enjoy Reno. I got this.
Don't worry, I won't. 
Dispatch, Navaho 41 niner seven. In pursuit of a '78 red camaro. Suspect wanted for questioning.
Which one's Keith Driscoll?
Get lost.
I'm only going to ask you once. What are you and Ellie into?
You got her muling in drugs from Mexico. You got her mixed up in homicide over at the ...
Everything's cool.
Give it to me.
Oh, come on -- you know she didn't kill him. Keith Driscoll did.
What?
Oh, I get it. So Vega thinks she'll eventually rat out Driscoll.
Yeah, well, let me tell you something about my daughter.
Never happened.
I'm going to bail you out. You can stay at my place.
You have a place? 
Ellie, why do you do this to yourself? You're better than that. You're better than him.
Yeah.
It was a personal visit.
No. I went looking for Ellie.
Where is she?! 
Everything's a blur after that.
No.
Ellie, are you here?
I'm not leaving anything out.
Careful, she spits.
You going to test for gunshot residue? It's a little late for that.
Satisfied?
It not your job to take my stripes. In this case it is.
No.
Hold it. Hold it.
The hitchhiker.
Yeah, we met. When the three of you got back from Baja.
That was you in the other room.
I need rescue. 826 Herrick Lane. Overdose. Send an ambulance.
No, worse-- you're going to live.
A man's got to do ... 
What is it, Rick?
Yeah?
She's not. Call it the mailman. Ellie doesn't know.
Ellie.
I'm a detective. Listen, I heard that you never went back to Driscoll's apartment that night.
I could have sworn I heard you in that other room.
I guess I've been doing that since you've been born. I mean, I know I was never around, but ... you know, no matter where I am ... no matter what I'm doing ... I always think that you're there. Even if you're not. Come back to me, Ellie.
Sure. Okay. You need a ride to the airport? I can get you there fast.
Oh. Yeah. Okay.
Catch you later.
Yeah. We got an anonymous call to 9-1-1 at the same time the couple found him. A male voice said: 'A man has collapsed at the Devon. Hurry.'
Oh, he's unconscious, but breathing. So paramedics took him to Desert Palm Hospital. There was no bullet wounds, no knife ... nothing.
Bob Fairmont. Upscale home developer.
Well, they took these pictures before they moved him. 
Well, unless he's going to court or to church, there's no way he buttons all three buttons.
I'm going to go to the hospital to talk to Fairmont's wife.
I'm sorry, no. He was found under suspicious circumstances. Do you have any idea who may have redressed him or moved him?
Do you have a name?
I see.
Wife says the guy's a player. She doesn't know the women.
The male voice? Oh, I just got back from central dispatch. The tape's lost. New computer system.
The dispatcher says it could've been a woman whispering. Or a very old person, gender indeterminate.
You told me your husband was in surgery.
Surgery to take his organs not to save his life.
Someone was poisoning your husband.
I'm going to ask you again -- were you in that hotel room with Bob Fairmont?
Who was Fairmont partying with in that room?
Admission form from the ER, 9/6/98. The person who brought Fairmont in on the accidental shooting... was you.
You didn't poison him, either. All these bad things just happen to you.
So, why didn't you tell the truth then?
Well, there's only two reasons a woman shoots a man. She either loves him or hates him.
Oh, this is your residence. Everything in Claudia's office is your property.
Could you tell us why you keep your shampoo in your office?
Aw, you have to do better than that.
Hides the bitter aftertaste.
Ladies ... don't go there.
And you didn't think to tell me that when we first talked?
Oh, so, he had a stroke alone, after you left.
Well, CSI is testing that champagne bottle for selenium.
You seem to know a lot about poison for not being a doctor.
Why would she do that?
What, you know she did that?
I mean, do you have anything beyond your suspicions that she did kill him?
You realize that doesn't look good?
You mean since you yourself have been poisoned?
Why would she want to kill either one of you?
So, you think it was all in Mrs. Fairmont's head?
Okay, that's it. All right ... look, we're not leaving here till we get to the bottom of this.
Nothing as poetic. 
Just, uh, road crew took off at 3:00. Body was discovered 5:15.
Our friend, Flicka.
What's that?
I'll do you one better. The old boyfriend, Gavin Pallard had one against her.
They both filed last month. 
Want to find out why?
What about the last time?
When we find it.
We're looking for, 'Fine I went there ... and...'
Right ... he found a crime scene.
But you didn't call 9-1-1.
Not yet.
So what went wrong? 
But you didn't have a car. Joan did.
Yeah, you got me. Came with the car along with the registration. The R.O.'S our vic Pete Walker.
Nevada State Patrol.
Hey... Peter Walker, our victim worked for cinema road services in Valencia, California. Drives the newly released film reels back and forth to Vegas. 
Drops off the new reels every Tuesday for Friday's release. Brings the old one back. 
Yeah, according to his mileage log.
Pretty much a boy scout except for a speeding ticket.
July 2, last year.
Pete Walker. Excessive speed. July 2, 2001.
He drove himself right out of a license.
Last violation -- excessive speed, June, 2000.
Beside birth dates ... 
All the tickets were written by the same cop.
A clean-cut guy in a suit -- no one looks too close. He must have got a fake I.D.
I ran Roy Logan. No criminal record; no wants; no warrants.
The guy's married. He lives in Summerlin. He bucks up; got a seven year-old son. But I'll check him out.
Code five: Keep vehicle under surveillance; do not make contact with occupants. You know, Catherine had a gun. She could've used it.
Hey. I sent a patrolman to Logan's house. Talked to Mrs. Logan. She's in perfect health. She's not our vic.
Mrs. Logan?
Mrs. Logan, I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas PD. This is Nick Stokes, crime lab.
Have you heard from your husband?
When he didn't come home last night did you find that unusual? Or maybe you're used to it.
Ran Amanda Freeman's phone records. Creature of habit. Mother, gym, Logan, pizza. But the last call made from that house was to a cell phone we traced to Mrs. Logan.
What about the money? A million dollars cash? 
Where's the money now?
Where did Logan say he was staying?
I'll call down, see if his car's in the parking lot.
People donate their body to science end up submerged in a pond? Crammed in a car?
Whoever placed our victim here knew that the body farm existed. What they didn't know is each body is tracked by a bunch of scientists.
Any I.D.?
Okay, I'm going to move him.
Gunshot wound to the chest.
Did Mr. Kimble have many visitors to his house?
Do you have the full name and address of the victim's fiancée, Jane?
I'm Detective Jim Brass. Is Jane Bradley in?
What was your fiancé's business?
You must be the ex-husband.
Mike Kimble was killed tonight.
If we wanted to get in touch with you, how would we reach you?
We'll be in touch.
Photographic and definitive.
What are the chances mom knew what her boyfriend was up to?
Yeah, right. I'm going to look into it.
Yes, we found them at his house.
How did he look at her?
Russ Bradley, Gil Grissom, CSI lab. 
He's not your fiancé. Not anymore, anyway.
I just got back from the events office at the Tangiers where you and Mike were supposed to be married. You canceled your wedding five days ago. I even have your credit card receipt for the ten percent cancellation charge. You didn't like the way he looked at your daughter any more than your ex did.
'Match not found.' You got to be kidding me.
The guy has naked pictures of her in his townhouse. The mother called off their wedding.
How do you explain your semen on her nightgown?
The county automatically provides your son with an advocate. We can't proceed until he arrives.
Jake, did you take pictures of your sister and plant them in Mike Kimble's house?
You do have keys to his house, though. Right? I mean, your mother told us that both you kids do.
Well, maybe a little hobbit put it there.
You're quite a marksman, Russ ... and inventive. You managed to build a bullet made of meat. 
Yeah. We got this from your garage on a warrant. We figured a gun enthusiast like yourself would have one of these. Packs gunpowder into used shell casings. Cheaper than buying new rounds, right?
Then you dumped him at the body farm. Your grocery chain makes regular meat deliveries there for experimental purposes. Then what? You arsoned his place to cover up the murder?
Grabbed the nail polish remover from the bedside table poured it all over the place?
The guy wants to take the heat for his daughter on the arson well, where's the harm in that?
Don't you think that little girl's been through enough?
He doesn't have to. The sleeping bag's talking loud and clear.
On the bench -- he was moved there after he collapsed in front of the net. Apparently, uh the guy was responsive enough to be helped off the ice. He died a few minutes later.
Well, according to the on-site doctor, he took on across the cheek earlier in the second period.
Hockey, rough game.
Terry Rivers was an instigator. Always stirring the pot.
Yeah, down to the last stick. Here's a copy of the team roster.
See you later.
You said everybody hated him-- now we know why.
The fact that Terry Rivers churned and burned your brokerage account out of ten grand that didn't enter into it?
You weren't the only one, were you?
Like you said, nobody saw anything.
Wait, you're not going to ... what are you doing?
Not according to the pharmacy in your medical building. Last month you wrote a prescription for quinine -- an anti-malaria medication.
It's like giving a candy bar to a diabetic if you know he's a diabetic.
You were always cleaning up her messes weren't you, Doctor?
Let's take a little drive.
No, sir, just, uh, uh, stick around.
Hey. Uh, Larry Maddox. Owns the bus company.
Yeah, he coughed up the passenger manifest including the driver, Martin Draper. Twenty-four passengers, one PAL. 
Calvin McBride. Seat one-C. California state pen, two years aggravated assault. He was paroled last week.
It was news to his parole officer.
You know, my guys are matching names to faces both here and at the hospital. McBride tops the list. I'm going to talk to Maddox.
The kid in the Camaro didn't make it.
Only to end up pinned under a bus.
'Do not resuscitate'? It doesn't make sense for a young person. Why refuse CPR? 
I get it. It's busy here in Barstow. But you do remember the bus?
Did, uh, did they come off the bus?
But you do remember the bus?
Did you see a couple arguing?
Body count jumped to nine dead. 
Sabrina Wright, law student, 7-B.
Pronounced an hour ago.
Hmm .... Gwen Murray, 1-B ... was unemployed, but was clearing a bundle in alimony. Also got the porsche and the vacation home.
Michael Goodman, 10-C was picked up a couple times by vice for making fake IDs. 
Ryan Hyde, a Money Manager in 4-C, filed bankruptcy last year but carried a hefty life insurance policy. I mean, I could go on.
He didn't want her in Vegas. First step to stopping her is stopping the bus.
Chloroform can be picked up at any chemical supply store. 
Well, his car should be towed in by now.
The bus company. Larry Maddox -- he talks a good game but, he cheaped-out on his supplies and he's been way too helpful.
Not to mention all the private vehicles, truckers-- nothing's changed since I was here yesterday.
Yeah, a guy putting air in a tire at a rest stop does not draw attention.
That's him. That's our boy. Sean Nolan?
I forgot what you told me. Wasn't much to tell.
Maddox?
Well, there's always a first time. You're under arrest.
Did some digging on Jane Galloway. Her boyfriend had a TRO against him.
And that's thirteen times too many according to the restraining order. We're going to check out his house.
Looks like the boyfriend skipped out on us.
All right, all right. Get out of the car, get out of the car.
Sit down on the ground. Sit down, sit down. Sit down; just sit.
Are you Adam Piorio?
We're going to take you to a place and help you remember.
Let's start again. What happened last night?
So, you went to Jane's house. What next?
But you called her thirteen times. Once, you're in love. Twice, you're obsessed. More than three, you're a stalker.
Well, that's a lucky alibi. Roll him out of here.
Well, he was an eyewitness, sort of. I mean, he says he had a vision of Jane Galloway's murder hours before it happened.
Well, he has details. He has details that weren't on the news or the press release.
So I ran Merlin's, uh, credit card with his permission. Do you know where he was the night of the murder? Monaco Hotel. Room 834. Guess who was in the adjoining room? Jane Galloway.
According to the front desk you placed a call to Jane Galloway's room at, uh 9:12 P.M.? Lasting 21 seconds?
Phone records say that she received three calls.
Hey.
It's, it's done. All right?
Paige Rycoff, freshman. Couldn't stand the heat, dropped out of school. 
Booked a one-way ticket home to boulder. Never got there. Four days M.I.A.
... quicksand.
Hey.
Thanks, fellas. Thanks, guys.
You want me to go, too?
She was definitely on her way out of here.
Yeah, but she didn't take her suitcase, her purse ... or the cab she called.
Maybe she had a change of plan. Or someone changed it for her.
Come in.
Maybe they were in her pocket.
One moment Paige Rycoff is here the next ... vanished.
Pledge prank. You boosted a carpet and a couch?
When? After you graduate? What else did you take, Henry?
But you do know her.
You got a name on this other guy?
You can go.
But the stuff gets returned.
Jennifer Riggs -- missing girl's roommate. She dropped out of school, too about a month and a half ago.
Yeah. Possible sexual assault so I thought I'd wait for the whole team.
Will you tell us his name?
Who was at this party?
Kevin Watson, 19, room 407 just down the hall from our girls. Athletic director says he plays first base, bats right-handed.
Three 'D''s and a 'C,' nothing criminal. Number 25, just like McGwire.
So what did happen, Kevin? You attack Paige, too? Hell, you been in her room before but unlike her roommate Paige fought back, is that it?
No, I'll do that but in the meantime, you're coming with us. You're under arrest for the use of a controlled substance in the sexual assault on Jennifer Riggs. Get him out of here.
Wait for me. Wait for me in the car.
Let's start with an easy question. Paige Rycoff was a student of yours.
Your car's on the way to the crime lab. We're going to need to search your home.
Where has she been?
Let's take a ride in the black-and-white.
No, I understand. I'll send an officer with you, just in case.
Let me remind you, you have the right to counsel.
How about this one? A phone call made from your house to Paige's dorm room the day she disappeared.
12:16 P.M., Four minutes long.
So, are you home during the day?
Were you home around twelve o'clock on the day that Paige Rycoff disappeared?
Mrs. Woodbury do you have the keys to your husband's car?
Yeah.
Expectant father.
You always drive through campus?
What time is this?
So you took a shortcut?
Welcome to a 4-45.
Just this $50,000 Beemer. Marcie Tobin. Her car. And Marcus Remmick, mechanic, an eyewitness. So, divide and conquer?
I'll take the grease monkey.
Yeah. But you checked it out anyway, huh?
How's the puzzle?
Well, I got a corner piece. The 4-1-1 on Marcie Tobin's husband? Junior foreman on Tobin C &amp; D, Incorporated. The 'C' stands for 'Construction' the 'D' is for 'Demolition.'
Well, speaking of inventory, I checked the books. As you know, per the ATF every stick of dynamite is catalogued. You logged-out a case of 24. When the demolition project was postponed you returned the case ... one stick short.
Tell about your girlfriend.
Cry me a river, Johnny.
Then point us in the right direction.
The business registration shows that you own 25% of your father's company. So Nevada's a community property State-- you divorce Johnny he becomes a part-owner of Tobin Construction. That wouldn't sit too well with dad, would it?
You know, for your information, um ... your mechanic friend lawyered up. Guys with records roll fast.
Sit down.
You used to own a '92 volvo. I ran your credit card. You owe $20,000 in auto body repairs. Your dad kicked in $30,000. I ran his credit card, too. That's 50 g's for a leaky transmission.
Ma'am, you and your father conspired to frame your husband for attempted murder.
Kid's playing tag, takes a header in the dirt ends up with first-degree on his hands.
Yeah, I'm getting there. So, Hazmat arrives figuring some sort of chemical spill. Starts removing the toxic soil, and bamm a shovel slams into a shoulder blade.
His body was found at Sunset Park. His license gave this address.
When was the last time you saw him?
But you didn't drive home together?
So I sent out some bulletins. Got a hit on Weston's missing Mercedes. Sullivan called it in. He's a typical tow guy. I'll run him.
You didn't ask his name?
You work fast.
You left an $80,000 Mercedes idling.
Let's just cut to the chase. 
Actually, the issuing judge disagrees.
But you won't.
You don't have to be a scientist to know where that came from.
We got enough for a hit-and-run.
Save it. You're under arrest.
He made bail.
Oh, I almost forgot. Here's a warrant to search your premises. 
Unless the keys are in the ignition hand them over.
I'm a safe driver. Wait outside.
You don't know who phoned it in?
Mr. Sullivan, in '96 you were arrested for vandalism, right?
St. Ignacias High School, right?
So two nights ago he has a party. High-end guest list, very private. That was the last anyone saw of him. Housekeeper arrives 20 minutes ago. This is what she found.
No sign of the wife.
Housekeeper assumed that she spent the weekend with the grandmother.
We need serious damage control. When the media gets a hold of it it's going to be bad for morale all around. Watch your step.
What do you got? 
Thirty-eight .
Pearl handle Twenty-five . 
Clear?
'For Twenty-Five years of distinguished service.' An honor like that. Keep it in the case.
In-house security. Blue jacket. First time he saw the car was Saturday. Chalked the tires twice. Saw the bulletin on the Chief and called us.
We were waiting on you to check the trunk.
Whoa. 
Excuse me.
Okay.
Florida highway patrol called. Several motorists saw a girl matching Sasha's exact physical description walking along an access road.
Miami-Dade county. Chief was shot Friday night. It's a two-day drive if you don't stop. It's national news with national attention. I'm not surprised we're getting call-ins.
Miami is pulling cars out of canals -- chasing leads, debriefing the kid -- and you guys are flipping through textbooks?
Tuberculosis ... Cyanide poisoning ... Endocrinology.
You're closer to this Van Der Welk guy than you're letting on aren't you?
Doctor.
Nothing but a blanket.
Ah ... we don't know. Patrol called it in. Well, whoever she is she's not talking.
Whoa.
It's called gentrification.
Tell that to the mayor. The landlord's on vacation. It's a good thing because he's got a swimming pool in his basement.
Ashleigh James apartment ...
The first officer on the scene found the door open. After that, he didn't touch a thing.
Yeah, what have you got?
Hey.
Find anything?
Anything out front?
You are what you eat.
Rod Darling? Las Vegas Police.
All right, that's enough.
No, I don't. I mean, I don't know. I care about a woman, I put her picture in a frame. Maybe put it on my desk but to tear it up and throw it in the garbage with old cole slaw that just doesn't say 'love' to me.
What did you use to cut up the picture? Same knife you were waving around at Rod? The same knife you used to cut up Ashleigh's face?
Nobody could blame you for being mad, Cassie. I mean, your sister took your career and you wanted to get back at her. If you couldn't have success, she couldn't either. Isn't that right?
So, which one of you is the victim?
She's a needle freak. She doesn't know what she's talking about.
That's enough!
All right, read her her rights.
For the record, I don't like being put in the middle.
I did a little homework on the guy who took a nosedive after he was electrocuted. Three days ago, he was voted union rep. Demanded more overtime pay, pressed for a walkout.
Right.  Well, in case you're interested Bob Harris was the sheriff's best man.
I heard the sheriff chewed you a new one.
Yeah, you want me to check out your 'Deep Throat?' 
Well, that was fast.
Doesn't that tell you something?
I'll check out the guy. Gil, why do you do this to yourself?
The guy's dead. It could have been suicide ... accident. But you've always got to push it.
You know what I think? Adrenaline. You need the rush. But that's just me.
And take a pipe to Roger Valenti's head four days before he died. No, it wasn't on the foreman's report. Valenti's widow told me.
But this guy died and Bob Harris had nothing to do with it. 
He's guilty.
Mr. Wolf. We got you for murder. Premeditated.
You're under arrest.
It's all you, man.
Barry Schickel. Wallet's still with him. With cash. 'A' student. Recently voted class clown.
Who said the shooter was scared.
With his zipper down and his hands otherwise engaged.
So, you say that football practice was over at 5:45?
And it was okay for a student like this victim to return to the school property to use the restroom. That wasn't out of the ordinary?
That's okay. I'll drop by your office. We'll finish it there.
You found a slug. So, the treasure hunt paid off, huh?
Well, the nerd squad is off and running. I'm going to ... uh ... burn a little shoe leather and see whether the victim had a beef with anyone.
So, you admit you fired a gun.
So the same night that Barry Schickel was shot and killed you were out taking target practice?
Where's your gun?
We're conducting a police investigation here.
'Questioned'. A student was shot and killed in this building tonight.
We'll be in touch.
I checked out those kids you talked to. None of them was even near the school when Barry Schickel was killed ... 
The only one who doesn't check out is Dennis Fram.
Sure, let's go.
That's the timeline of the murder, Mr. Fram. We know every move your son made up until the gun. That's why we want to see your collection. You're registered as having two dozen weapons?
Let's get back to my first question, Miss Fram. Where were you the night Barry Schickel was killed?
So what, your perfume just wafted into the boys' room all the way from highway 10?
Can I, uh ... can I talk to you for a minute?
He copping to anything?
I don't think so. Kelsey was 'otherwise indisposed.' She got a parking ticket the same time the vic was shot in an alley behind a motel off Fremont street. In fact, a lot of cars got tickets that night.
Football coach.
Well, I paid 'coach' a visit. The guy's 23, just got engaged. I mean, he'll testify to anything as long as his fiancé doesn't find out. He says that Kelsey gave him a roll in the hay asked him to intercede with Barry-the-bully and get the kid to leave her little brother alone. She didn't kill anyone.
I worked in a slaughterhouse one summer. Looked a lot like this. 
The lease is in the name of Clifford Renteria. He lived here with his girlfriend till they snuck out in the middle of the night. Gee, I wonder why.
Yeah, sure. Deer, sheep, llama.
Victim's human.
When I said Cliff Renteria and his girlfriend skipped out in the middle of the night, I didn't have the whole story. 
Any idea where she might be?
So you noticed that she was gone?
Monaco Receiving. Clifford Renteria, platform manager.
Are you Clifford Renteria?
Las Vegas police. With the crime lab. Do you have any knowledge of the whereabouts of Alison Scott?
Who had it coming?
You got a stigmata?
Nosebleeds?
This guy blows ten quarts of blood from his nose onto his wall? You want to ask for a demonstration?
Mr. Renteria. We're going to need a sample of your blood -- from your arm, not your nose -- and a visit to your new apartment.
That's after you come down and give us that blood sample.
I thought you said the blood on those walls couldn't be his.
And this relates to your magic nose, how?
Nobody released you. 
Sorry to interrupt your fun but I have someone here you might like to meet. Jimmy Durante's girlfriend.
You don't have to ask his permission. I got a new warrant that covers his apartment.  Your wife being missing put it over. Funny you didn't mention that before.
What's the matter? Didn't realize how bad a corpse can smell so you just decided to move it around the place?
He wasn't exact.
Not enough candles in the world ... 
Body is Shelley Danvers. DOB: 10/10/81. Employee walked in to get towels ... 
... found her here.
Done fell out. That's what the night manager says.
Yeah, I was born yesterday.
You're the registered owner of a Lorcin .380. Takes the same caliber bullet as the slugs we took out of the victim. So, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where's your gun?
Do you think we believe that? Do you think ... 
Especially if no one checks up on them. A hotel employee is supposed to check on the various saunas every 15 minutes. Hotel regulations, right? We, uh, we got a copy of the check-up sheet.
No hotel employee checked in on the sauna after 7:30 P.M.
Anyone up for breakfast?
Well, I guess I'll go see Tina alone. Hotel tells me she's down playing quarter slots.
Well, my guy in the hotel lounge tells me that Tina and Shelley were having a catfight over some dude named Jeremy the day she died. That's probably how the shirt really got ripped.
Well, maybe this will help - 
The travel agency contract you and Shelley signed. Under 'allergic reactions to foods' for Shelley Danvers -- shellfish.
And then we have this from the hotel computer for your room 7:01 P.M., On the day: 'A Taste From the Sea a lovely tureen of mild bisque with pureed bits of Maine lobster.'
Miss Kolas, you're under arrest.
Paramedics pronounced twenty minutes ago. Megan Treadwell. I ran her plates. Thirty-three tomorrow.
So let me get this straight, all you saw was a car trying to beat the signal?
The SUV.
Thanks for your time.
That's not yours, is it?
855 Martingale.
Because of this woman?
Did you see it?
Does Mr. Double Latte have a name?
You've been walking in circles for ten minutes.
Body dump?
A thousand square miles of desert in Vegas and this perp dumps the body in a sandbox.
Maybe she was a domestic.
Well, the DMV records indicate that she hit town from South Dakota three years ago. I figure the bright lights faded and she snagged a sugar daddy.
Close-- one police officer, two criminalists. May we come in?
Really? Were there any disturbances last night? Did you hear screams?
Well, then can you tell us what time Mona got off? 
There's no sexual contact or anything illegal going on here, of course.
Lady Heather you don't what to know what I think. 
Do you have any kind of log book? Some record of who was working that night? What they did with their time? That sort of thing?
Not particularly. But it might help us catch the creep who murdered Mona.
Five guards, three civilians wounded. One dead bad guy. Armed robbers snatched the lock boxes from the two high-stakes tables right off the rolling cage.
Busiest time of night. Three women-organized and muscled.
Hey, they got away with 250K.
Small time or not these ladies are dangerous.
The same M.O. as Laughlin. Last month, cottage casino, men dressed as women shot the place to hell. In and out in under five.
And the more you practice ...
Mr ... Mr. Duncan -- take a deep breath and tell us what happened.
Anything else?
Okay. Thanks a lot. And check in with triage before you leave. 
Well, that was helpful.
Quick escape.
Right.
Right.
I got it. Thank you very much. Excuse me.
I've interviewed 17 people. No two accounts are alike.
Yeah, groundbreaking.
That's wonderful, Gil. If I see a gorilla, I'll arrest it.
Before Mr. Brower dressed up as a woman and heisted a casino, he was a janitor at an office park off Flamingo. Before that, he was 'out of town.'
I got a warrant.
Whoo, tidy little camper, isn't he?
What are we looking for?
Dirty laundry?
Okay. Let's see ...
Well, while you're at it don't forget his wigs and bras.
A trucker called it in.
Yeah.
All these bushes would provide good cover.
Yeah. Skid mark; one tire.
Where's the other one?
Max Duncan?
I'll tell you how this works: I'll ask the questions; you give the answers downtown.
Max ... are you clairvoyant?
Okay, let's try this. Why were you leaving town? Trying to beat a murder rap?
That's a lot.
When someone is killed during the commission of a felony all the conspirators are liable.
Tell me, who else was involved? Who killed Darin?
Then we got no deal. Officer.
You know what? I kind of believe him.
So, the last man standing killed Darin.
And absconding with a quarter of mill stolen money.
How does a cop hook up with an ex-con like Darin?
Where is the cash?
Yeah, well, you're still not that guy. Get him out of here.
Doyle Pfeiffer, best poker player in the world. Eighteen hours ago he sits down at the table a healthy man. A half an hour ago, he drops dead in his chair.
We're not satisfied. This is high stakes. We're treating it like a murder.
Mmm.
Some young, loud-mouthed player thinks it's his pot.
Excuse me.
Look ... look. Shh ... see this badge? I'm not with the gaming commission. You got a problem with gaming, see the guy in the bad suit. 
Here's the deal: Pending an investigation, it's our pot.
So, how many pots is that?
Yeah.
Lita Gibbons? 
Why don't you sit this one out? Come with me.
You use eyedrops?
Can we see them?
You tipped some waitress $1,500 the other night? You in business, or you in love? 
That all you threw her? Put a shot in her? Anything else I should know? I mean, we're just talking here.
All right, let's go with that-- an edge.
Sure, we can. You put your eyedrops in Doyle Pfeiffer's drink. That's what killed him.
So, let's talk motive.
Hey, how you doing? The jumper's John Doe. No wallet no keys, no ID.
The building's gotta be what? Six stories high? 
You know, your vic was an interesting guy. He had no home address. Just post office boxes in California, Utah, Vegas.
Nissan Xterra. Cali tags and license, but he was all squared away.
Well, the, uh, possibilities are limited. Either he was pushed out of a plane or he stowed away in the landing gear, or, um ... skydiving gone bad.
'La lluvia de peces.'
The raining of fish. Occasionally, usually in the early spring in Yoro, Honduras, it rains, um ...  ... sardines.
Really. I've seen it.  I mean, the scientific explanation is ... this sounds like a Grissom thing ... is that they get sucked out of the ocean by these waterspouts that are like, you know you know, tornadoes, and, uh, then ... look, the point is, Rick they got to come from somewhere. They gotta come from somewhere.
Yeah, problem is he did get killed. Flying your canopy.
Your rig, your responsibility. This is your chance. I'd take it.
You brought him all the way down
Jimmy's altimeter, your fingerprints ... on the inside.
Jimmy didn't know how high he actually was.
But you knew he wouldn't. You set him up.
Ever wonder what's in that hot dog? Human body in a meat grinder. Shop foreman found an arm. The rest of him is prime grade a sirloin.
The last guy to operate the meat grinder is this guy over here. Manny Saldano, age 37. Worked for meteor for eleven years. Shop foreman vouches for him. Says he inspected all three of his machines before he clocked him out.
Sure.  Check out the smorgasbord. Go ahead.
Mike.
So after losing all that salary you never filed suit. Maybe you didn't file charges it and settle it for yourself.
We call it a 'fight bite.'
So, what happened, Mr. Pasqualle? You paid the chef a little visit and did your version of 'etu, brute?'
So ... our male model copping to battery?
Well, maybe he's telling the truth. The earplug from the meat plant -- we got a hit on CODIS. Kicked out Harold Haskins delivery man from Meteor Meat. Out on parole for extortion.  He delivers to Debreff Restaurant.
So, you snuck in the place to grind up a body?
Who exactly gave you the, uh, 'meat' to grind?
You see my face? This is me almost believing you. Now, I've already violated your parole so whatever I say to the judge is up to you. So, what is it?
You ground up a body as a favor?
Well, that's a very tenuous distinction.
Stay right there.
How's it going?
Yeah. Same as the other two here. They need a little nudge.
While they're in our custody shall we try a little theater?
Let's go for a walk.
Hey, relax. You'll be with a friend.
Cuff him up.
No luck on Amy Ennis's next of kin. The Austin PD is still working on it.
Well, she gave birth. That doesn't mean that she had a kid.
We have a mercury sable, uh, Texas plates, found in the lot of the Tangiers hotel. She's the registered owner. They're bringing it in now.
Well, it's a good thing you didn't tell the kids mom was back.
You're right. Well, you were excited to see her. Why wouldn't the kids be?
That's right, you're an adult -- knowledgeable, experienced ... aware of Nevada Statutes, Chapter 156: Administration of estates of missing persons.
You're jumping the gun. It's four years, 11 months, one week.
Well, in three weeks, Mrs. Easton's estate can be distributed to her husband. You had a half a million dollar life insurance policy on your wife.
But you're not dead, and she wasn't either, two days ago. You know, for an unemployed guy you're doing a lot of spending. I mean,  ... Tiffany's, La Perla international watch company ... expecting a windfall?
No, I do that with a pole. No, I'm just thinking out loud. Your wife disappears. Five years after the fact, you get the money. You've earned it, it's yours, but she screwed you up. She showed up.
What happened, Daniel? The s*x wasn't as good as you remembered it, or the money was better? What happened?
No idea how it got there?
You're under arrest for the murder of Kelly Easton.
Well, she's going to retain an attorney. He's going to advise her to plead insanity.
Yeah. Have you ever seen anything like this before?
Jason Gilbert. Shot through and through. He going to be all right, though.
Visiting his girlfriend next door. He hit the deck when the shooting started. Didn't see a car.
Nobody saw a thing. Little girl inside wasn't so lucky. Aimee Phelps, age nine.
Father operates a rec center down the block.
So, Jason Gilbert, the kid who was shot, not too popular in the neighborhood. Just in a fight last week, down the street.
Uh-huh.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh. 
You know, it's a federal offense to be messing with the postal service.
Yeah.
Doesn't that dent look a little high to you? Like a truck or an SUV?
I'm not just another pretty face, you know.
Yeah?
Hey, tell me what you're telling him.
Yeah?
No kidding. All right.
Okay, let's see what the lad has to say for himself. Thanks a lot.
Hey, Gene! What's happening! Uncuff him.
Okay, officer, I think someone needs their cuffs put back on.
So, Jason Gilbert -- what did he ever do to you?
The kid you shot!
Jason's girlfriend told us that you were practically stalking her. She must have turned you down a hundred times. You didn't like that, did you?
Yeah.
You cleared it, all right-- into Mr. Phelps's home, killing his daughter!
What are you talking about? You threatened a bartender with an empty gun?
DA listened to the alibi's statement. He knows it's questionable, but, uh ... 
Half an hour before the house was shot up, Jaycobs and his alibi were at the sports chalet.
Salesperson remembered seeing both of them. They bought a baseball bat. Artiss even has the receipt.
I don't know. After what the DA heard, he said he's not going to file charges. Doesn't want the clock to tick.
Look at it this way -- you have more time to build your case.
They're going to put Jaycobs in protective custody to avoid repercussions in the community. Where are we going to put Warrick?
Assistant D.A.'s office, please.
Motel manager called it in. No weapon was found at the scene.
Thank you, doctor.  Yeah, this is Jim Brass. I'm at Desert Palm Hospital. I'm looking at a half dead Gene Jaycobs. Now, only two people knew where he was. That was you and me. You want to tell me how the hell this could happen?
So, Tyrel, let me get this straight. You didn't know Jason Gilbert?
So you shot someone you didn't know?
You stole a van from the rec center, didn't you?
Look, we know you didn't mean to shoot anyone. It was a stray bullet that hit Aimee Phelps.
Scare who? Jason Gilbert?
No, wait, Tyrel, wait. Talk to me.
What about Aimee?
Well, he never touched the first girl. The bedroom door was blocked.
With a treadmill. We've got two apartments here; 1213 and 1214. We think the girl in 1214 has physical findings.
Well, she locked herself in her bedroom, won't let anyone with a y chromosome within fifty feet of her.
That's the lucky one.
Doreen Bainbridge locks her doors every night. Says the girl next does the same. It's a twist lock. It allows for five inches of night air. Very secure ... unless you reach in ... three seconds.  Crime of opportunity, huh?
Okay.
Yeah, how can you miss him? Kid's pitching a tent.
Come with me, Justin. 
Nice fanny pack. I mean, I'm a wallet guy myself, but I can change. Mind if I take a look at yours?
Pack's a camouflage. And check out the tip of his right shoe.
No, your lunch hour just got very long.
How long you been doing this-- videotaping woomen without their knowledge?
Ooo ... He's a smart kid, huh?
Well, let's look at the young Kubrick's money shot, shall we?
That's reassuring. Do you know Doreen Bainbridge?
And also a little love graffiti on the wall outside.
You got to be kidding me.
He's my guy.
Justin Lamond ... sexually motivated offense, indecent exposure, gross lewdness. Let's go to booking.
Your sexual assault moved up to rape.
490 Kildare Road. Get here as soon as you can.
So where's Grissom?
Well, we got Susie Spiegel. She was unable to ID her assailant. There was penetration this time. She said he was polite. He wore a condom.
Yeah.
Slow it down, Xena. It's all right. Okay.
I know, I know. I understand.
Okay, get some id on these people, all right? Let's all go downtown, all right?
Are you all right?
Hey, hey, hey, you busted a man's lip. You broke a tooth, you sprained his finger.
I want you to know once you sign that complaint, it becomes a binding legal document, all right?
So help me out. What's a delicate way to say this? I'd like to barge in, tear your apartment upside down look for five-month-old evidence?
I'm glad you noticed.
Las Vegas Police ...
What are you doing here?
This is not the address on your driver's license.
Right. 
Now you're ready to move again, huh?
Yeah, okay.
Ever been to a foam party?
Things can get pretty wild.
Yeah, the deceased is Trey Buchman. Age 21. I got a Vegas I.D.
Uh, too much foam. The party was over. Most of the 'responsible' young adults had split.
Yeah. I'll tell you what we got. My guys are talking with the girl who found the body, but even sober, she's not going to be much help.
Ice pick, maybe? 
Well, wow. Tell you it's not for the money. I got about three grand here, all in c-notes.
Which adage is that?
I understand that.
You're breaking my heart, pal. Look, here's how this works. The more you cooperate, the sooner you'll be up and running.
No, I get it. I got a daughter who's twenty, she hangs out. I don't want her to die in a place like this, so do me a favor, get me the VIP list for tonight ... and smarten up.
Hey. I got a line on our vic. Trey Buchman, booked a room at The Sphere. E-wing, room 937.
Well, you got lucky. You're on my list now.
Here, hold this.
Nice shoes.
... wear it.
Comfortable?
You want to tell me how your shoe ended up in Trey Buchman's neck?
Jugular. There's a slight difference. Do you want to tell me why you left your shoe behind?
And the fact it had blood on it, that wasn't the reason?
I see. I did some checking -- because that's what I do -- and you and our victim had a relationship a while back.
I see.
Gil, please ... 
I've started to see into the future. Thanks to credit card reports, I see that our phone victim booked a room at the Tangiers for tonight.
Two hotel rooms in one night. He was a busy boy.
Good to hear things haven't changed around here.
Trey Buchman, Croix Richards.
They're deceased.
Last year, you lost Mona Taylor. Now, two more employees. It's a risky business.
These guys traded in s*x, and I know you don't allow intercourse in your domain. Now, that is an accusation.
So, Buchman and Richards were down here doing internet p0rn, huh?
And a very successful business. Thanks. Thanks for your time.
You lied to us, Mrs. McCormick. You said you only engaged in on-line s*x with Trey Buchman.
Sounds like a physical encounter to me.
No, it's just that everybody you pay for s*x ends up dead.
Well, I guess I'll have to live with that.  Here's something else you might not like. Two months ago, your bank records show cash withdrawals totaling
You used to work for Latona Pharmaceuticals, right? 
You sold synthetic insulin.
Quid pro quo, right? Steven invests in your business, you kill the two guys who are messing around with his wife.
You know, I'd like that, Lady H. It's tough being me. I'd like to feel more secure in my role as a homicide detective. 
You know what really gets me wild? The truth. Are you up for that?
He told me it was beef insulin.
Do you know that only seven percent of diabetics in this country use an animal-based insulin? They import yours from Great Britain.
Right into your dominion.
Is it something I said?
No, it's more like two acts ... of murder.
Lady Heather ... this has nothing to do with heart. It's all about the evidence.
Oh, I know that look. We're going back to Lady Heather's.
Gil, do me a favor, get a sports car. It's a lot cheaper and easier to handle.
Warrant?  We don't have one.
Chloe, uh...?
Well, the shoes link Chloe to the nightclub and this job links Chloe to the two vics. Where is she?
I bet I know why. Well, if she's in town, I'll find her.
So, you're going to tell us why and you're going to tell us why you strangled Rebecca McCormick.
Define 'personal,' in your crowd.
Yeah.
Sounds like she had a problem with you, pal.
Oh, you 'fixed' her?
She stay 'fixed'? Yeah, you fixed her so good that she started spending your money to get other men to give her what you couldn't.
So you got her to kill Richards and Buchman.
And then you told her to kill your wife.
What happened?
Okay. 
But you gave in.
A woman who knows her employer.
Everybody hold. We don't make a move until after he's taken the money.
Stand down.
Yeah. Well, let's give it a couple more.
So, what's your take on this? Inside or outside job?
Did you see the action he got? One phone call, $5 million gets delivered to his hotel?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Put the guns down! Put the guns down!
What the hell are you doing?
This is our job -- not yours, not Tavian's.
They spotted you. You understand? The kidnappers saw you. They made us.
Brass.
Maybe this is only the dump site.
Something did.
A $10,000 gold chip?  I don't think so. If it was a tip, you wouldn't have had to lose the bellman's outfit to cash it in. Now where'd you get this?
You found it ... 'sort of'.
They leave together?
Yeah, I get the picture.
Yeah, yeah, sure you did.
Don't be stupid.  Who's the blonde he's talking about?
Look, big casinos honor each other's chips. So, how you tracking these? Bar code, embedded transmitters, what? Look, it's okay. It's easy for the guys at the lab to figure this out, but we'll let the other casinos know you helped us out.
Thank you.
Bridget Willis?
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Vegas PD. This is Catherine Willows from the crime lab.
Money.
So, this is three blocks from the place where Isaiah's body was found. Why don't you guys take the kennel? Metcalf and I are going to take the dog run.
We found something. I think you're going to want to take a look at this.
Jacob Price. Local.  Looks like somebody beat us to him.
Yeah, well... I've been on the job a long time, and I know what a tragedy like this can do to a family.
What's going to happen is one day, Kenisha or Tramelle or one of your other kids is going to come to you and say, 'What happened to Isaiah?' And they're going to want to know the truth.
The guy who took Isaiah worked in a kennel. 
He was used to handling dogs, not children. When Isaiah tried to escape, he was restrained, and when that didn't work, he was drugged. 
Now, drugs have a different effect on adults than on children. It's called 'The Paradoxical Effect.' So, when the tranquilizers weren't working, this guy- Price -- upped the dosage. 
Now, as a father, I can understand why you'd want this guy dead ...
Yes, I do.
Bridget Willis? Las Vegas police.
She's not here. I'll put out an APB.
Happy hour. Joint was packed. Two fatalities, four critical. 
Non-responsive.
Hey, how's it going? Here are the phone records from the driver of the vehicle that you asked for. You know, there may be something to that kamikaze grandma theory of yours. Last week, Diane Lambert closed out her bank accounts, paid off her credit cards, and updated her will.
I don't think that's a coincidence.
Well, I'll tell you what happened to me. Last week, I was driving to a crime scene in the car and the GPS said go right. Had I done so, I'd be coughing up fish from the bottom of Lake Mead.
Or maybe she put in the wrong address.
So, according to the girl, one minute she's blasting through the mud and having fun, everything's great, the next thing she knows, she's lying upside down in the dirt, staring at chemical waste. She called Hazmat. Now, it's not toxic. They saw the barrel was buckling, they thought it might explode, so they opened it.
I'll never eat another french fry. How long you think he's been in there?
With all this wind and weather, any evidence of the dump is long gone.
I got a coupon.
We got a roomful of murder suspects.
You have a gaming license?
You're the only house in Vegas that doesn't take a cut.
He's dead.
When was the last time you saw Christian?
We're going to need you to identify the guys fought with that night.
I'll take them all.
You know, Brian, I mean ... your best buddy drops off the face of the earth for six weeks ... 
.... You get a call or e-mail but you care so much about him that you do absolutely nothing to find out what happened. You can understand why we're he, so straighten us out.
You know, you got a lot of hobbies, Brian.
You must have dropped it when you stuffing your buddy's corpse into a barrel.
Here's the way this is going to play out. This is the best-case scenario. We arrest you for murder. The, uh, the jury likes your face, and, uh, you get man one. Then you get to spend the next fifteen years staring at your wife and kid through a wire glass window. Maybe if you're lucky, uh ... when you get out, you can take her to the prom. 
She's going to be so proud of you, daddy.
Hey ... hey, Brian if it was an accident, why didn't y report it?
Thursday night is noir night. The poor sap was slumped over like a sack of potatoes, oozing blood like a broken bottle of ketchup. 
His name is Gus Sugarman. Runs a dental practice in Henderson. Cell phone went off three times during the movie. So, the usher finally came over to shut him up.
I got a witness.
You get a look at her?
Well, manager had left for the night. The usher who found the body had left before we got here. He had been smoking blunts. He was afraid we were going to bust him for marijuana. I'll be tweaking him when I call him for my statement.
That's why nobody ask you.
Okay ... here's what's happening -- three months ago, Audrey Hilden filed a sexual malpractice suit against our Dr. Sugarman. The suit claims that she was molested while she was under anesthesia.
Yeah. Sugarman counter-sued. He's represented by big-time attorneys, so she backed down.
Yeah. Well, uh, there's more. Remember the usher who likes to smoke the chronic? He claims he saw a redheaded woman make a phone call halfway through the movie, so I'm going to check it out. 
Want to tag along?
From the pay phone? 
What? I ... what? I'm on it. I'm on it.
Ah, I see. Well, according to this, a phone call was made from the theater lobby to Audrey's home at 11:25.
We're looking for someone else.
Maybe Audrey hired a pro who called up to say, uh, 'It's done.'
Why don't we ask her?
You hear that? Phone's off the hook. 
There must be another way in.
Yeah.
Hilden.
Ever been to the Art House Movie Theater?
Alfred Hitchcock?
The subject, Tom Haviland, says he had a romp with two ladies between
When he puts himself in the room.
Uh ... Tonya. He said she was gone when he returned.
Yeah, Mr. Haviland's assistant a Raymond Lester, notified hotel security and called 9-1-1.
Eyewitnesses place him downstairs at the time this took place. Mr. Lester is in ... LA at a morning meeting. He's flying back this evening.
He's in the other room.
Conflicting statements and forensic evidence.
Blood evidence.
That's all for now. When we have more information, we'll release it to you. Thank you excuse us.
Tom's best friend, Ray -- he's coming in tonight. Volunteering to give a blood sample.
He also lawyered up. Guess who's paying the legal bills?
Legalized hush money. Ought to be a law against it.
Tell me, counselor does Tom Haviland pay in a timely fashion?
Great. Then you can confirm what we already know from Ray's cell phone records: Tom Haviland called you to his suite at 1:31 A.M. To help him clean up his double murder.
Okay. We have a surveillance tape of you carrying what appears to be one of the bodies out of the casino an hour later in a golf bag identical to this one. Here are some photos from that tape.
He's dumping a body. And as we speak the police department is out looking for it.
Matches the description of Tonya. Maintenance guy found her a half an hour ago. The golf pro says they've closed the back nine down for months -- improvements.
Did, uh, Tom Haviland ever play a boxer? Girl's face looks like hamburger meat.
Chest, hands, arms right there.
Hey, Marjorie Wescott blew in here and shut us down. She said if we wanted full body shots we were going to have to get a court order. So the D.A.'S working on it.
No kidding. Meanwhile, we're presenting half a case to a judge.
Welcome to the tragedy hall. Hey, you hear the one about the comedian who died onstage?  Literally.
I'll be here all week.
Buh-du-bum.
Crowd thought it was part of his act ... till he didn't get up.
Well, live fast, die young ... I forget the rest.
Buh-du-bum.
Don't go Cousteau on me here. It was all part of his shtick. He was like Tarkanian with the towel. You know, always biting and pacing. Dougie's mantra was, 'It's a cruel world. Ain't it great?'  Uh, it was low-brow. Strictly chug-and-belch.
Yeah, it's a cruel world.
Oh, you're making coffee. Good. I could use some.
Today, high-octane black. I need your help with something.
A few weeks ago, homicide gets called to Green Valley. A woman in her
I didn't call them in. I ruled it an accident.
Last night I saw the husband out on the town. I mean, I could tell you something, Nick. Three weeks ago, this guy was devastated.
No, but this is way upward. I mean, trades in his beat-up old Acura for a brand-new Ferrari. He's with a girl who gives more lift-off than-than Cape Canaveral.
No, I understand that. I got no problem with that. I'm not a priest. That's why I called the life insurance carrier. And check this out. 
The morning ... Shelley Stark ... was found, George Stark made a call to the life insurance agent. Went like this: 'My wife is dead. I want my money.'
$750,000. Now, I got the police report, autopsy protocol, detective summary, and scene photos.
I'm chasing something that Gil Grissom isn't interested in -- a hunch.
No one's impugning your work, doctor.
Look, I'm the one who said Shelley Stark's death was an accident, and I'm the one with second thoughts. I mean, it's my ass on the line.
Yeah, Nick ... give us a minute, will you? Just a minute.
Neither of us want to be wrong, but this isn't about the press, the public, your office, you or me. This is about Shelley Stark. Now, we can do one of two things. We can do nothing, let this guy walk, or we can go to work, exhume the body, and find new evidence. Now, it's your call.
You know, something about your wife's case never felt right to me. It bugged me, kept me up at night. It's not because you called your insurance company and filed a claim the next day. It's your policy; it's your right. It's not because you bought a new Ferrari; it's your money. Or because you're with a beautiful girl. I mean, you just lost your wife, you need some companionship.  No. It's because of something you said.
You said, 'She WAS my life.' Not 'is'.
No, hold on a minute. I've been a detective for half my life. I can count on one hand the times surviving spouses used the past tense, and I got to tell you, I'll be damned if every one of them wasn't guilty of something.
Now, I mean, that's just me. I mean, in a court of law it means nothing.
You're a suspect in a murder case. We don't need your permission.
You killed your wife, George.
And she loved you. Which is why she didn't react when you walked into the bathroom that night.
You see, it's physically impossible for her to pull that towel rack off the bathroom wall.
I was wrong.
We don't have enough to file charges, but the insurance company feels they got more than enough.
Translated: That means they want their cheese back, man. They want their $750k.
For starters, yeah.
That's present tense.
The victim's name is Lori Hutchins. 
Apparently, she chaperoned the horse on trips all the time. Baggage handler found the body in the cargo hold after the passengers had disembarked.
Well, they're being corralled as we speak, partner.
Oh, I'll tell you. Some days, it's tough to be me. You know, I wish that the seats were as organized as that bar. We have the passenger manifest. No assigned seating, 12 passengers 24 shoes, 36 lawyers.
Yeah, I think we've established the fact that these people do whatever it is they want.
Were you down there, Harper?
You don't strike me as the kind of woman who'd take no for an answer.
What were you doing on that plane?
Friendly? Is that a job title or do you perform a specific function for that distinction?
What, what ... what's not to get?
You break one law, the chances are...
So the happier Harper stays, the fatter your pockets.
Well, you travel with a well-heeled crowd. I checked everybody's passports. Man, you guys get around ... but you're the only one who's been to Sierra Leone.
I don't know, uh, see the world?
What'd you see in Sierra Leone?
Sounds like fun. What kind of stuff did you pick up?
What was your beef with Lori, the horse trainer?
Oh, well, we got a stack of bloody paper towels with your DNA on it that says you do.
That's a tidy little story.
Sir, stop what you're doing. Las Vegas police. We have a search and seizure warrant for any and all diamonds.
Hey, Mrs. Kinsey, did you ever stop and think that maybe your family discount was a little too good to be true? Did you really think your son mined those rocks himself? Come on. Think about it.
Yeah, someone else's plane, someone else's horse. What a good plan. Except you got caught. Why even bother when you had everything you wanted at your disposal?
Except you couldn't do it without Lori. My guess is her death was an accident.
Well, that's unfortunate, because ... your tax evasion allows us to expand your warrant. And your shirt -- that's just the beginning.
The vic's wallet was still in her purse. One credit card, couple of
School district has been contacted. They're checking their records.
The padlock's been cut. It was rusted over, definitely not recent.
Well, it's high school.
Sexual assault?
Kids who found her swore they didn't touch her either.
Alison Carpenter was a waitress at a coffee shop outside Omaha. The boss said that she asked for this week off over a month ago. And, uh, no immediate family.
Yeah, weird. We're looking into it.
Well, I keep one by the bed. In case I dream anything useful.
What? I can't have deep thoughts?
Just kidding.
Guy's only been out of jail six weeks.
Las Vegas police. This a bad time?
You know, I know a couple of guys who worked your case. Viking circle? Remember that girl you suffocated while you were raping her? What was she, a cheerleader, homecoming queen, or both?
Oh, I didn't expect that. I expected you to say, uh, 'No, I'm innocent' or 'No, it was an accident.'
That's right. You did the whole bit. The whole fifteen years. You're a hard-core ex-con. This must really piss you off.
You're under arrest for the murder of Alison Carpenter. Last night, your old high school, go monarchs.
And you're such a smart guy, bet you flushed them down the toilet.
So what was your relationship again with Alison Carpenter?
Why bother? His semen was found inside the victim.
: I understand you're in a methadone program.
Well, methadone puts him in the victim's car.
With chipped dental crowns? We're going to need an orthodontic sample.
Las Vegas police!
Get back!
Yeah, I got him.
Okay. Holster your weapon. What were you doing? What were you thinking? You know that we clear the room, not you.
You're all done, hombre.
You're not looking at assault, Mick. You're looking at murder.
We're placing you at the scene.
You know, it's not a bad deal for prison. Mickey D. brings the heroin to Jesus Cardenas and you trade him a woman for smack.
Oh, there's more. You left prison without paying your tab and when Jesus sent his collection agency after you, you figured you'd pay him back just the way you did in the joint.
Get her in the mood.
You're protective, aren't you?
Do you pay the rent for all your clients or just the ones you really like?
You going to go to the DA with a connect-the-dots hand on a piece of tracing paper?
The guy's going to walk.
This crew was in and out. Three, maybe four guys, depending on who you talk to. Detective Lockwood drew his weapon protecting a woman and a child.
There is no right time to kill a cop.
Yeah, witnesses say that he was, uh, taken down with a single shot.
According to the tellers, they weren't interested in money.
I think we found the getaway vehicle.
Block from the off-ramp. Coroner's en route.
The driver's dead.
Oh, god.
The driver became a liability after the heist. No honor among thieves, I guess.
Las Vegas police. Manager said he lived alone.
This whole neighborhood's stupid.
Well, look on the bright side: You're still alive.
Bedroom's a bust. What do you got?
Sam Braun's hotel.
Come on. Let's see what's cooking.
Whoo!
This guy's a piece of work, huh?
Mr. Nine volt, Rob Rubio -- ex-military, security expert. Went to work for casino owner Sam Braun when one of his soft count cronies got caught skimming the skim, so... all roads lead to Rome, except, in this case... the Rampart.
Triple homicide in the desert.
I think this is the origin of the word 'termination.' There's the corporate way, and the way of the gun.
This one's carrying a glock. Never got a chance to use it.
They knew their attacker.
What do you mean?
Where's he going 
Where's the fourth guy?
Rob Rubio.
You must really like the ham steak at the Primm. One more mile north -- you're gone forever.
That's good to know. I'll know what to get you for your last meal ... for killing a cop. You know the rifle we found in your trunk? The bullets match one we pulled out of a friend of mine -- Detective Cyrus Lockwood.
You lost three of yours. Ballistics made a match there, too.
So, you're ex-military. That why Sam Braun hired you to be head of security at the Rampart?
I'm telling you. My guess is Sam needed a job done, he came to you.
Let me put a fact in yours. You left a lot of yourself behind, killer.
So, here's the deal. You give up your boss, you get to spend the rest of your life in a jail cell, not on death row.
Cal and Monica Newman. Owners of the house. My guess, second marriage.
He's, uhm ... got a good sense of humor.
So what are we calling this, murder, suicide, what?
No.
Reminds me of my daughter. She used throw butts out the window, too.
A kid. Son, 15, Max Newman. He's M.I.A. like the father. The secretary said he went out for lunch and never came back. I checked the garage -- three cars. None of the hoods are hot.
Mr. Heitz, you're Mr. Newman's realtor. Have you seen your client lately?
You always give out the combination to your lockboxes? It's illegal.
According to his office, he left work at 1:00. It's about right. 
What is that, some kind of filter?
Hey, I'm from Jersey, we swim at the shore.
This is the realtor. I just did a background check on that guy. Half a dozen robberies in the houses he has listed. Art, antiques, stuff like that.
Exactly.
Selling house as a front for porno a little blackmail on the side.
Lust doesn't live in your heart.
Oh, no, no, no. Red Rock Canyon. A field trip. Oh, I'm getting that. 
What I'm not getting is this.
This is not the first time, is it, Max?
Well, let me lay it out for you.
So you must've thought you won the lottery. And the only thing standing between you and the winning ticket was your father.
How come?
We also found your fingerprints and your hair.
Well, you made sure you were everywhere, too, didn't you?
Oh, yeah, that's right. You rang the bell. You had the physical tools for the training but not the character.
Lawrence Ames, clothing salesman from phoenix. He's 35, four foot, five inches tall. 
One of the, uh, convention organizers found him. She was checking out the stage. There's a fashion show tomorrow if you're interested. She looked up and saw him.
You logged on at times when Lawrence was at work. We checked his work records.
Our court order ... your blood.
Boy, do I have good timing, or what? I did a little checking with the phone company. In the past year, Lawrence Ames received over two hundred calls from Melanie Grace.
He got call-blocking against her two months ago.
If it would break up his new engagement. So what happened? You went to the convention you saw him with his tall girlfriend and you go to plan B?
Okay, thank you.
Kevin Marcus?
Maybe a little bit of both. 
The lab also found your hair all over that rope.
Nice try, Kev. They hair was caught in the noose.
So you created Danielle to break up your daughter's engagement.
So, what'd you have against the guy?
So you killed him.
Can we prove it?
So?
Hey, the guy put a rope around the victim's neck.
Your wheelchair was in the booth at the convention. The fibers from the seat cover to your wheelchair match the fibers we found on the victim. Uh, faux, fake sheepskin.
We also know how you got Mr. Ames into the theater.
It's enough to convict you. GRISSOM: May I ask a question? How did you get him into the wheelchair? 
Mr. Marcus, I think you should know ... your daughter is already pregnant by Lawrence Ames.
Welcome to the house of illusion. This is bizarre. You're not going to believe this. Female volunteer goes on the stage, disappears and doesn't come back.
The Amazing Zephyr won't say. 
You know magicians, they never reveal their tricks, but we're working on him.
I got a bunch of police officers, uh canvassing the theater right now. No sign yet, but we have traced the woman back to her aisle seat, 8A. Paid cash.
Thanks for that. Thanks.
Yeah? 
No. You were sitting in front of the volunteer, is that right?
You take any photos during the show?
We're going to need your camera.
We'll get the negatives back to you. 
Hey, hey, hey. This is a non-smoking facility. 
When you find that, put that out.
We know that. That's why we're here.
We don't know yet.
How long have you been working for the Zephyr?
A lot of people are snooping around these days. You know, everybody who works for the Zephyr wants to be a magician. How come?
Zoe Clein has been missing for six months. And you saw her the night she ... disappeared. How do you explain that?
By the way how'd you get here?
Cops did a welfare check on this residence. A girl, 17, didn't show up for work and they found dad passed out on the sofa in a blood-soaked t-shirt.
Mr. Reston, uh, can't remember what day it is. Claims he was in a bar fight.
His blood alcohol level is .37.
Yeah.
Hey, buddy! This is Sara Sidle of the Las Vegas Crime Lab. She's going to ask you some questions.
Shirt and hands!
She's 17. She lives in your house. You're going to have to do better than that.
What kind of car?
And as a concerned parent, you're going to ask me to put out a broadcast, aren't you?
Is the car in her name or yours? I'm going to need the license plate number. You listening to me?
Well, you owe your daughter more than being a drunk. You know, I think that maybe jail might be the best thing for you right now.
So you like to paint dead girls?
Yeah, sure. You know, you're an artist. So back in '87 when you painted this girl what were you feeling? That you wanted her to die? 
Uh-huh. So it's just a coincidence that another coed gets murdered right after you show up in Vegas, right?
Yeah, but it affected you more. Because you knew the first victim. Right? Janet Kent.
Come on, Cody, man. You two had a thing. 
So what, did she reject you? Did she give you the, uh ... 'Cody, we can still be friends'? That speech?
I was just wondering, because some guys can't take 'no' for an answer. But that's not you, right?
I keep racking my brain going over these unsolved murder cases and I keep coming back to the fact that they're fifteen years apart. That means he's either out of town or in the joint.
It's got to be personal. He wanted to kill those girls.
I mean, I don't know much about bugs, but most animals hunt in their own backyard.
It's where they feel most comfortable.
My guys were all over that school. Nobody remembers seeing anything.
Yeah. 
You off the clock?
He's going to kill again.
You know sometimes in this job I'd rather be lucky than good. Maybe next time we'll get lucky.
Laroi, 'The Fists Of' Steele.
Casino management got a heads-up from the sports book. Five hours before the opening bell Steele goes from a two-to-one favorite to a five-to-one underdog.
Yeah.
How'd the other fights go down?
Two previous wins by knockout ... tonight, he dies. What's up with that?
Your cousin bet 20 large on Javier Molina at five-to-one against.
Yeah, I know, I'm sure he is. Well, you know how this works. I mean, you hear the fight's fixed you tip off your cousin for a piece of the action he tells a couple of friends, so on, so on. They make a bet at the last minute, and the odds go south.
Oh, yeah, that's cool. This is Vegas. Money flows. As long as it doesn't flow out of your pocket.  Maybe that's why you let the fight go on so long. Yeah, you see a fighter in trouble you give him a standing eight. If he comes out a winner, you're in the poorhouse.
No. Not yet.
Why is for the lawyers.
And you're looking for work.
Well, here's something else that's coming to you.
We're not asking.
We know that. We know you're a good guy. So what made you dope up Laroi Steele?
That your signature?
Well, according to fight rules you were supposed to watch Molina wrap his hands and sign them, then watch him put on his gloves and then sign those.
You watched Molina glove up?
It became when your client injected mercury into his gloves.
No, that's murder. I'll see you in court.
It's Brass. 
I got a D.B. Out on Henderson Road.
Yeah, well, reconsider. I mean, these ants came flying out of the body. They're taking chunks out of the coroner. The CSI day guy says he's not going near the body again!
Reconsider. Bring bug spray.
So a kid was driving along and spotted the tool box. He thought it would look good in his pickup truck. So he looked inside and freaked out. Ran to call for help. 
You know, I heard that these things can kill a deer. Is that ... is that right?
What about our person?
Man or woman?
So I sent out a community fax to every Downs syndrome link in Clark and the surrounding counties. Special Olympics-type groups, societies, schools and I got lucky. Randy Traschel, age 25. Been missing for seventeen months.
Hey, where's the tote board? Every time I see a horse, I want to place a bet. Smells like Belmont Park, doesn't it?
Howdy. Jim Brass, Las Vegas police. This is Gil Grissom, Nick Stokes of the crime lab.
Have you ever seen this man?
Shocking. Where is he?
You never met this man?
Stop the shoveling. Take a closer look.
Did the other cowboys ever make fun of him?
You don't call this breaking a horse, do you?
We're waiting on you, actually. Mr. Rattison, we have reason to believe you were in town the month that Randy Traschel was murdered.
Don't get any tobacco juice on my shoe.
Where's your posse?
Hmm?
Taxi hit a kid crossing the boulevard. The crowd over there saw the driver Rajeeb Khandelwahl, trying to get away. So, they pull him out of the front seat of the cab and they beat him up. I mean, they ... they beat him up bad. He's on his way to Desert Palm.
Auto detail hoisted the cab off the kid.
What do you mean?
Too many to count.
First time.
But easier to clean up.
Good plan.
Did you see the pedestrian?WOMAN: Crossing the street. I don't think he saw the cab.
Did the cabbie see him?
And that's when Rajeeb, the taxi driver tried to leave, to drive away?
His radio? He wasn't fleeing the scene?
Oh. Okay, what can you tell me about the men who attacked him?
Who?
Why, because he's not from Vegas?
Oh, and you know that because you saw his birth certificate?
Tell me what you did see.
So line up.
Look, the guy that you 'arrested' is in critical condition. That makes you all suspects in a battery ...
If you're wearing badges, I'm playing left-wing in the NHL.
Oh good. Send her in, Joe. Thanks.
Mrs. Branson, thank you for coming in ...
He's in intensive care.
Please, Mrs. Branson ... please, sit down.
Um ...
Your son was stabbed in Haskell Park and you live on Loring Avenue. My best guess is that he was on his way home when the accident occurred.
The taxi didn't kill your son, but someone did. 
Did Todd have any problems that you're aware of? Did he have any problems at school?
Did you know he was in the park after sundown?
Yeah, I do ... and they don't often confide in their parents, I know.
When was the last time you saw him?
Why didn't you call the police?
Because you knew we couldn't protect you.
Hey, buddy, how's it going? 
I'm Detective Jim Brass from Las Vegas Police. Is your mother home?
What's your name?
Sorry about your brother, Eric.
Yeah, she said that you were moving. Where are you going to?  You know, when I was a kid we moved around a lot. It's not easy. So you're going to be seeing your dad?
Hey, Eric, will you do me a favor?  When you see your mom ask her to give me a call, okay?
Take care.
Well, we, uh ... we found a gun registered to him in the park where your son was murdered but when I spoke to your son Eric he told me that his father died years ago.
You know something, John, you don't scare me. According to your ex-wife, you're some kind of monster -- threatening her life, setting her car on fire in Boston breaking and entering in Chicago, showing up at your kid's school in Portland ... I don't know, I mean, I thought maybe you'd be like the guy in 'Sleeping with the Enemy'. You're more like Gumby, aren't you?
You know where she lives.
Yesterday, your son Todd was murdered and that is a crime.
Hey! John, baby I'm not talking about the weather here, man. I'm talking about your son.
Hey, what about Stewart Bradley? You know? Yesterday, he was murdered, too. He was shot with your gun.
Revolver. Smith &amp; Wesson.
It's registered to you, John. Has your name on it.
Oh, you file a police report? But I know, you're busy. You forgot. That's okay. You know what I think happened? Here's what I think. You called up Todd, you said, 'Hey, Todd. Why don't you meet me down at Haskell Park? You know what? Why don't you bring mom's new boyfriend along?'
You better do what he says. He's in crime lab.
He's got some unpaid speeding tickets. There's warrants that have been issued. Is three days good enough?
Mrs. Branson, you got a minute?
Well, your Ex has been picked up on an unrelated matter. Even if he makes bail, you still got a day or two head start.
Hey, Eric. This is Mr. Grissom. We work together.
As soon as Eric shows Mr. Grissom his hands you're on your way.
Look at Mr. Grissom, Eric. Not your mother, okay? Ms. Karpell.
I think something a lot more dangerous than that burned your hand.
Where'd you get the revolver, Eric?
Ms. Karpell ...
So, the gun was in your possession and you didn't say anything.
Your boyfriend was found carrying a knife the night he died. I spoke to some of his friends and associates, and no one ever remembers him carrying a knife.
He'll be remanded to a juvenile detention center, awaiting trial.
If he's convicted of a homicide he'll be sent to a state custodial facility until he's 21.
Anonymity shields them from prosecution, though.
Hmmm ...
Well, nothing's absolute, Gil ... even forensics.
The physical evidence confirms that you're the 'hero' who pulled the driver out of the cab.
You're looking at first degree murder.
Mr. Khandelwhal didn't make it.
... and, for the record, he didn't hit that boy. He wasn't trying to flee the scene. He was reaching for his radio trying to call for help. You know who the real hero of this is? Rajeeb Khandelwhal. The taxi driver. So ... what does that make you?
: We want your buddies. I mean, either you talk or they'll talk. I mean, it doesn't matter. And the clock is ticking, so ...
s*x or money. Well, on the money side, the room was booked yesterday, under a stolen credit card belonging to a Mrs. Parker. She's a 75-year-old living alone in Henderson. As far as s*x goes, well, I want to be a believer.
Uh, not in the hallway. Only in the elevator. We're on it.
And I'll, uh ... go door-to-door.
Mm. How many voices?
What were they saying?
Did you get a look at them?
What time was that?
10:35? You seem to be pretty sure about that.
Oh, yeah? Which one was that?
You mean, Armageddon?
Oh.  Good movie?
Where'd you meet them?
And did you find it?
How?
Is that a crazy question?
Prove what?
You got a gut feeling on this one?
Well, we've got some I.D. Found her handbag. Wendy Laggerman, aged 24. She's not registered.
What was all that about?
Whoa. Hey. Hey, buddy.
Take it easy. Take it easy.
Who found the car?
Cameron Klinefeld and Mandy Klinefeld?
You checked into The Fez last night under a false name. We also suspect you of identity theft and felony fraud at The Sphere hotel as well. They don't have the magic fingers bed there, do they?
The problem is, people keep showing up dead in your hotel rooms.
No. Uh, look, there's got to be some mistake. We are this close to busting a pair of serial killers and the Judge won't issue a warrant?
Is he back there? I'm going to talk to him.
Okay, split up. Go around the back.
Las Vegas police. Mr. and Mrs. Klinefeld, we have a warrant.
We got a problem ... 
Somebody got to our killers before we did.
Yeah. Well, that may be the only good thing. I checked for a wallet, no ID. Nothing on him.
The kid looks like a minor. Coroner's investigator says he's been dead for over twelve hours. Happened sometime this weekend.
You going to pry that piece of cloth from his hand?
Help me out here. Got any ideas on this one?
Kids use it as a hangout, huh?
Well, it's a crime scene, so it belongs to us now.
As long as it takes.
Huh? I can't tell you that.
Mr. Curtwell, where were you this weekend?
Catch anything?
Anyone go with you?
How long were you gone?
Then how do you explain the blood on it? And your injuries.
You tell us.
She's covering for her brother.
Here I'm looking for three guys, but you only found one hammer with blood on it, so who do you want me to follow?
On a construction worker?
And the sister and Brian Haddick were both students at McKinley high.
Now, I'm not a with you, but shoes are a plain-view item. 
Anyway, here's the guy who's going to be investigating ...
We're not questioning them, which is why you're here-- so we can.
Well, way to clear a room.
Hey, bud. What's your name?
Benny, where's your father? Is he around?
Well, lucky for you, we make house calls.
Hey ... Let's sit down. Let's all sit down. Come on.
Look, I'll take this. Let 'em argue diminished capacity after the fact.
I don't know. Let's find out. 
Mr. Lizzio, do you mind if we test Benny's sneaker for DNA?
So, do you want to tell us how a dead kid's blood ended up on the bottom of your sneaker, Benny?
So, you just, uh ... happened upon it? Didn't report it to anybody?
Mr. Lizzio, why don't you sit down? We're going to be a while, okay? You been drinking today, Mr. Lizzio?
So, Benny, for the record, you've waived your right to have your parent or an advocate present.
So, how do you know Brian?
You know Gregory Curtwell?
Oh, so you know Ashley, too?
Well, that's good, Benny, because...
... you're looking at murder. And if you're friendly and you cooperate, and you tell me what happened to Brian Haddick, maybe I can cut you a deal.
You want to tell me about those melons at your house? You looking to be another Gallagher? You know who that is?
When it's practice for whacking people.
Your hammer had Brian's blood all over it. Understand something, Benny, I'm talking about months versus years of juvenile detention. It's your call.
Aaron Gilbert?
I'm detective Brass, Las Vegas police. We need to talk.
That's a nice walkman you had. What'd that cost? 125 bucks? Same as Benny's gameboy. Same as your brother's secret stash.
Speaking of Benny, he's not too smart, is he? He wouldn't give up you and your brother for a lesser sentence. You know what? There's an opportunity here, and I think you got more on the ball than Benny. Tell me what happened.
And Benny can't wait to go to jail.
Well, if he didn't do it, how did his hammer end up with Brian's blood on it?
Chris Gibbons, UNLV grad student. The jury's been sequestered two and a half weeks on a murder trial.
What do you got?
Well ... we got eleven potential suspects.
Yeah. There's one I know of. Um, Miss Davis -- she's a stripper at The Shimmer.
Hey, this is Vegas, baby. 
Guilty. Guilty. 'Not Guilty.' Eleven 'guilty,' one 'not guilty.' Now that's motive.
Okay, let's start with the misdemeanor. Cell phones and cameras or cell phones with cameras are prohibited in the jury room. Somebody must have told you that.
Yeah, according to them, uh, you got a little bit of a gambling Jones, hmm? $25,000 in markers all over town. So what's your game, dice, cards, sports book? Or all of the above?
All right, now the questions get hard. I mean, you can't be getting rich on jury duty, forty bucks a day. Or can you?
To deliver the jury?
Ready for us?
Uh, take the Honda. The VW belongs to the victim's friend, over there.
Yeah?
The neighbor? He's on my list.
Listen, Pike. Stop talking. I never seen somebody so excited about their neighbor being killed.
Let's talk about Debbie Marlin.
What's that?
Well, who is getting close?
Okay, did you notice any automobiles, any cars out front?
When's the last time you saw the Mercedes?
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, this is Detective Jim Brass. 
See if you can find a 2004 Mercedes, black, registered to a Michael Clark, M.D. Thanks.
Oh. Was that like him?
How about outside the O.R.? Was he socially gifted?
Debbie Marlin, one of your nurses, was murdered. Throat slashed. You didn't know this? Dr. Clark and his 'steady hand' haven't been seen or heard from since, so you don't have to be a brain surgeon to guess what I'm thinking.
We'll have you out in a minute. We appreciate you providing your prints voluntarily.
Nothing gets out unless it needs to get out.
I'm afraid your patient in pre-op is going to have to wait a little while longer.
Same house she was murdered in.
Michael Clark was on your rotation -- he was on your surgical team the day he was killed. You called in sick. Surgery was cancelled. Freed him up to be with Debbie, who also had the day off. What luck.
Your wife know about you and Debbie?
She asked for s*x, right? She also asked for the bracelet, too, huh?
Hmm. So it was a long-term relationship?
Good. Since we're being completely honest ... are you losing your hair?
Well, we think that Debbie Marlin and Michael Clark were killed by a surgeon who is left-handed, and we know of two left-handed surgeons at Desert Palm: Dr. Tripton, who has an alibi, and you.
Not so fast. Is this a link from a bracelet you gave Debbie?
This link was vacuumed from the floor of the spare bedroom after the murder. The other link was in her jewelry box. The funny thing is that all the bracelets from the other guys she slept with are intact.
We might not have any other evidence, but we have a theory.
We think you killed Debbie Marlin because she rejected you, and Michael Clark paid the price.
Watch yourself Gil.
Keep these people out. And turn that damn thing off, will you?
They say how much it was worth?
Hey, buddy, you see anything?
Let's get you checked out.
Paramedics out there?
Check him up.
The surveillance cameras?
Why is that?
I'm going to want to talk to the girl who found the body.
Come on, nobody should have been allowed to leave.
Just give me a list of names, okay?
That's not the only dummy here.
Oh, yeah?
Any prints?
You know, I always imagined your house would look like this, Gil.
Want to see a picture of Mr. Chen?
I guess he lived here, too.
So, this is how Ty Caulfield's high rollers live -- a cot in a warehouse.
You got to spend money to make money.
Body count's five.
Officer Clay entered the store unaware of a robbery that was in progress. Officer Fromansky came in after he heard a shot fired. Engaged two suspects. Lit the place up.
The ski masks are John Does. The rest have wallet IDs.
Woman at the back is Julia Reed, cocktail waitress at the Tangiers.
Man on aisle four is Rufus Sanders, cab driver. 
Yeah, little guys tend to overcompensate.
Yeah. I always, uh ... 
I always liked that story.
All right, tell me what happened.
How many shots you fire?
Then what?
How many shots you fire at the second gunman, total?
He fire at you?
All right, that's all we need to know. I need your weapon.
All right. 
All right, look, if you're not going to say it, I will. Fromansky said he killed three, and there are two dead ski masks in there. Now, you cranked him up pretty good on that vigilante case last year. Is that going to be a problem?
How you feeling, Officer?
Desk duty hurts a lot more. Is there anything you want to add to your statement?
A bullet from your gun killed a cocktail waitress.
No one at the scene saw a third gunman.
You'd just took a full load in the chest. Maybe you were confused.
You're not back in the Gulf. You're a police officer. You're supposed to identify a target.
Hey, ease up.
It has to. You're on administrative leave pending an IAB review.
Right or wrong, there'll be guys on the job who'll think this was personal.
He says yes, he's a bad cop. He says no, he's a liar.
So, this car was reported stolen about, uh, oh, about three weeks ago. Why don't you take the front. I'll take the back.
Got a cell phone. There's a lot of scung on it. Won't be too good for prints, but let me check the call history.
Same number keeps popping up.
Well, this is interesting. Before the robbery went down, somebody at the store was very eager to talk to our suspects. Same number.
Todd Hallickey.
We matched your prints from a stolen car off the prints from a prior car theft, and bingo, we had a match. Got a warrant for your apartment.
Yeah, right.
An '86 Aegean Blue with matching velour interior?
You wouldn't happen to remember this shady guy's name, would you?
Uh, right. You own any firearms, Mr. Hallickey?
You know, that's a nasty injury you got there, Todd. Looks kind of painful. How'd you get it?
Looks like a chemical burn to me. You know what sodium hydroxide is?
Let me tell you what it is. It's the active ingredient in drain cleaner. It opens up the pipes, dissolves flesh and fabrics.
Raul Valdez, an ex-con -- your co-worker. You got him to give you the names of some guys to do the job. 
Then you panic, and you call your guys, try to call it off, but they won't listen. 
When we find Raul, he'll give you up in a heartbeat.
What you need is come clean and cooperate. And you better hope and pray the DA doesn't want to put a needle in your arm for killing five people, including a cop.
Guy from the mayor's office. Fromansky's getting a commendation. What do you think?
Ever been to the Acid Drop?
The victims were the owners. Mike Trent and his wife Laurel. Both shot execution-style back of the head. A neighbor walking the dog found 'em. Mike used to own a semi-pro hockey team with some other guy. He made a ton of money, sunk it all into clubs like Acid Drop, uh, Psychedelic Hoe-Down ...
... fun joints.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I heard Jah Rule gets the same fee.
It's what I heard.
You have a cold, Sara?
Okay, it's a gated community. The main gate has a guard all the time. The resident gate is at the north end, has punch-key access. Those are the only two ways in and out of this place.
We already know you lied. We found your blood in the Trents' bedroom, not in the kitchen. So what were you doing in there? You putting the shot in her, or what?
I mean, I know I keep coming back to this three-and-out thing, but maybe because you're in bed with his wife.
Then along came Mike. 
So what does killing the Trents get you?
You're still pouring drinks. Boo-hoo. And what are you doing smoking around their place?
Yeah, we found cigarette butts with your DNA on it on their property.
How you feeling?
Well, you were popping cough drops at the scene the other day a mile a minute. 
Ah. Yeah, I, uh ... 
I understand colds. You know, back in Jersey when I was getting it from both ends, from my wife and my work, uh ... things started to get heavy. I started 'medicating'.  'Cure' my cold. And, um, and god forbid I had an early morning roll-out and I had that tell-tale breath, you know what I mean? So I would dodge my supe, and I started popping cough drops.
I mean, what I'm trying to say is that ... there's more problems than answers in the bottom of a bottle, believe me.
Just a couple?
I'm just looking out for you.
Hey, what are you doing after work?
You've photos of Laurel Trent's jewelry.
The insurance company says it's worth somewhere north of two mil. I got every pawn shop in town on the lookout.
What?
What can't you put your finger on besides the clock-out button?
Dragging's your racket. But I can tell you who's dragging Mike Trent into court. His ex-business partner, Kyle Goode.
Kyle Goode?
I'm Detective Jim Brass, homicide.
Why's that?
Great, then we won't have to pull teeth to get to the truth. Where were you yesterday morning?
Where?
Okay.
So, Alex, where were you yesterday morning?
All morning?
What time did you get there?
You sure about that?
Okay, Laughlin's about two hours away, so you and your son left home around 8:30?
Where'd you pick them up?
Something like that, yeah.
Well, he lived by the stun, but I don't think he died by it.
If he's one of our bad guys on the bicycle, where's his partner?
That's probably what his partner said before he tossed the room.
Hey, look what I found: A knife with blood on it.
Well, either they pawned some diamonds at the US Treasury, or they're on someone's payroll. You know what that means: Hit-for-hire.
Well, I'll tell you what they were fighting over. The jewelry was hot. Either you fence it fast or eat the loss.
You know, you could be right. I talked to the Trents' bank. They were on their way to the safety deposit box that morning and then off to Hawaii at the end of the week.
Yeah. Murder was their wage, and jewelry was their tip.
You recognize this?
What's that around his neck?
Yeah. Zeiss, 20x60, BSGA. Forty-five hundred a pop. 
Court. That's where the lawyers get fat. And you know all about that. I mean, you've got a lawsuit with your ex-business partner, and your ex-wife, who's suing you for past alimony ...
Not according to his wife it isn't. She gave us permission for a hair sample from your son.
No problem, counselor. Okay, moving on. 
The 'buy' money, the 20k that we found on the two geniuses you hired?
You know, the brothers, who are so cool and laid back, they're in the morgue. 
Oh, what? You didn't know they're dead? Yeah, they greased each other over the jewelry. And that wasn't even part of the deal in the first place, was it? 
Good help is hard to find, huh, Kyle?
I'm not saying you did.
But your $20,000 incentive pulled the trigger. And you know what? You won't believe this -- a paper cut gave you away.
We did the DNA test for the cigarette butt you left at the arcade. Plain view, right counselor? And we matched it to the blood we found on the money.
And that's all a jury's going to need to hear to convict you. 
In this neighborhood, he's lucky to have the fillings in his teeth.
I don't care if he was lemon-scented and martinized, if he was on Washington and D, he was copping. He should have just said no.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Take it easy, pal. You're not running the four-minute mile on those pins.
Your ride? This was never your ride. This car belongs to Ed Burnell.
I don't know. Whatever it is, he either took too much or not enough.
So, it turns out Burnell's tox report was clean. Not only that, he works at some sort of recovery center.
It does?
What's that, the stuff that grows hair?
In human speak?
Does it come with a free set of steak knives?
So it's an hallucinogen.
No kidding.
No way it's legal.
So, Ed Burnell was a drug dealer.
He's either dealing in the addiction or the cure, and a dealer's a dealer. And this guy's dealing out of a halfway house.
And despite the fact that San Quentin is your alma mater and you have a record as long as my leg, you wouldn't do anything illegal, right?
You know, if ibogaine is such a miracle cure, wouldn't it make your life easier?
What's her story?
But Ed did?
He could have given her a lift.
Well, she said she loved Ed.
We're looking for information on Mindy Dupont. This was her last known address.
Mind if we talk with her?
You don't need a warrant just to talk. But if you want, we'll go get one and come back.
Yes, it is.
Mindy Dupont. We heard you cleaned yourself up.
How do you repay a favor like that?
The night Ed Burnell was killed you never checked into the halfway house.
Help us connect the dots.
This isn't the halfway house, Mindy. You're looking at a murder rap, so let's talk specifics.
That was months ago. Where were you the night Ed was killed?
Well, you better hope so, because you're under arrest for the murder of Ed Burnell.
Las Vegas Police. Open up.
Nice. We keep Mindy for a couple of hours, and you've already moved on.
Guess Burnell was bad for business, huh?
Burnell wasn't hard to find, was he?
So, come on, let's go, let's go. Come on, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say ... 
That arm crash-landed on the windshield of the car. According to the driver, it shot out from under the bus. Generally speaking, where there's an arm, there's a body.
Good call.
Now, the, uh, passengers were on their way to St. Matthew's Church in Pioche. They were from a work release program at Nevada Correctional Institution.
Hitch a ride under a bus. Well, that's one way to get out jail.
So, Warden, baby girl was transferred to this cell about a week ago?
Where was she last housed?
Wow, that had to hurt.
Well, robbery wasn't a motive.
If you can't see, you can't fight back.
Tony Sciarra. From Philadelphia.
Our victim Tony just checked into the hotel. He hadn't even unpacked.
Yeah, old man at the casino, who he knocked down, said the same thing. He was hauling ass.
So you're sure this was the man you saw?
Do you see this man now?
All you have to do is nod.
Thanks.
He could have ditched the clothes. Let's be smart about this.
Las Vegas Police. Put your hands behind your head and stand up.
Come on.
You're not much of a talker, are you, Walter?
I'll tell you. You must be a pretty tough guy to take on Tony. A guy as big as that? He's huge. That's his name, you know? Tony Sciarro from Philadelphia.
Do you know Tony? How come you left his wallet and $500 in chips in his pocket, huh? That makes me think that this was about something else.
Did he ... wrong you in some way? He hurt you?
Huh?
Maybe it was just a ... lover's quarrel.
That's okay. This is Vegas. But that's not what we saw on the video. You're at the crap table. You swiped his chips. And then you whispered sweet nothings in his ear. What did you say?
That a confession?
That stare doesn't work on me. But save it. Because they're going to love you in prison.
Hey! Hey! WALTER DARIAN: I'll kill you.
Jeez.
It's not as bad as it looks.
What are you saying, Rory? You'd rather it be one of us?
You think this is the waitress Nick and Sara are looking for?
You're kidding me, right?
Doesn't fit. Walter was a fighter. Used his fists, not knives, you know?
We don't know.
And you never reported her missing?
So the morning cleaning crew found him. No ID, but this was in his pocket.
His goal weight?  I'm going to talk to housekeeping.
Hey. We got an ID. Off your DB's prints. His name is Adam Brenner.
Well, sort of. He's a civil servant. He's a postal worker from Orlando.
Oh, you're going to love this.
So, how did the other players feel about that kind of smack-down?
Cruel whimsy of fate. Guy's from out of town, takes a cab from ..., checks into the hotel. The only thing on his hotel bill is four meals a day. No phone calls. So everybody he talked to is in this room. We're going to need a list of his opponents.
You were the last player who saw him alive.
You tell me. 
You play for the glory.
I can still spell this.
Put your hands on the table.
More like seven to ten.
Of what?
What about Adam Brenner? 
Maybe you took that loss even harder.
We are this close to busting a pair of serial killers, and the judge won't issue a warrant?
Mr. and Mrs. Klinefeld, Las Vegas police.
We got a problem. Somebody got to our killers before we did.
Are you carrying?
Then get the hell out of here while I secure the room.
This is Brass. 
Yeah. I'm at 11546 Blackbird lane. Got two gunshot victims. Send rescue. There's no rush.
Yeah, they're UC.
Oh, about the time that Judge Slater didn't sign the first warrant.
Makes you feel a little paranoid, huh?
So, you guys been here the whole time?
What happened?
Unable to locate.
I am. I want your gun. Give me your gun.
Hey, help me out here.
And your backups, too.
Just doing my job.
Okay? Let's go.
Yeah.
Hey, this isn't a favor, Bill. This is a screw-up.
All right, what else did you see? 
You are bad news.
So, Bradley, you saw our police officer at that door?
Did you see a police car?
Did you hear any gunshots?
Okay, thanks, Bradley. Good job.
Ever see a beat cop anywhere but the strip?
Well, it's not like you to have a one-track mind.
Jesse Commons and Bill Nowlin were doing what I asked them to do. They were sitting on the house. Until you can get enough physical evidence to support a warrant.
Cops don't take the law into their own hands.
Oh, you want to hit below the belt? You know, a lot of people had access to the Klinefelds. Who knows, maybe CSI III, Nicky Stokes opened up his mouth to another parking lot attendant.
Oh, come on, a ten-year-old insomniac kid, hyped up on sugar, going blind on x-box. Who knows what he saw?
All right, let's break it down. You got a public defender's cell phone, no prints. You got officers' weapons taken from the scene, not fired. You got officers' shoe prints, not matching the evidence print. You got three black-and-whites confirming that Commons and Nowlin responded to a 444. Give these guys a break.
Oh, what, so it's a conspiracy? 
Oh, come on, you know the deal. You know better than that. There's bogus calls come in every day. Well, maybe you don't, because you're the kind of guy who goes to serve a warrant without a gun.
Well, that's a distinction that could be lost when the suspect's still inside the house. Look, I had your back. Now I expect you to have mine.
In what city?
Star-1 uniforms. It's the biggest uniform shop in town. From casino dealers to cops. Shirt's wet.
Opposite direction from the 444.
uh ... Buttons.
All the new uniforms have zippers.
Let's hope whoever was wearing that shirt sweats.
The badge looks legit. I'll run the number.
Yeah, I'm aware of officers 'losing' their badges.
No, we got a problem 'cause your badge was found in the proximity of a crime scene.
I've been looking at your jacket. Reads like a novel. You got a lot of entries in here. You got, uh ... beat-and-release. You got some stick therapy. What's up with this?
Okay, tough guy, tell me what you know.
I'm it.
Well, I was impartial. Now open up.
You're a hard guy to find.
We both got a little stubborn. Did a little head-butting. I kind of liked it. You were like your old self there. Anyway ... 
Fromansky was my money, too.
Pull off a murder like this, it takes some practice. So... one thing I remembered. About six or seven months ago, we arrested a couple of gang-bangers. They were popping blackjack dealers on their way home from work, taking their toke envelopes. Because of some technicality, Judge Slater let them walk right out of the courtroom. I mean, they were talking about this in the precinct for weeks. Now this morality play has a very quick and unhappy ending. Somebody shot them.
Maybe. But still, I don't like a cop for this.
That's what he probably told himself.
We're not here to get a warrant, Judge. We're here to serve one.
That goes for your bailiff and your clerk as well. Gentlemen, please remove your shoes. I'm sure you'd want to set an example for all court employees.
The Klinefeld warrant was generated from this office, and only you three had access to their personal information, so ... yeah.
Judge Correll.
This is detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police Department. Interview room 'A.' I'm with Stuart Gardner, County Court Clerk. Please, um, state your name.
And spell it for the record. That's right. You used to be a cop.
I'm not your brother. 
You're a murderer. 
We also found your old uniform shirt, with your DNA on the collar. What are you going to retire on? Psych? Medical? What?
Ah, you want to talk about me, huh? Oh, you're a clerk. Get your facts straight. He wasn't a bystander. He was a passenger in a felony pursuit.
Must be my good looks.
Don't knock the CSI, Stuart. They put a lot of bad guys away. 
You know, I'm going to give you a little therapy for free. You know, if you had only shown a little restraint, they would have processed the DNA after Klinefelds'. Slam-dunk case.
Yeah, I bet you saw a lot of that working for Judge Slater, most liberal judge in the state. 
Bet you saw a lot of good cases go south, while you just processed those release forms, huh? 
Stuart, sit down.
So, Lieutenant Mendez, tell me about your teammate.
Well, I mean, he's got to be in shape. I heard your training's as tough as SWAT.
Yeah. Yeah. You got lucky.
Let me put it to you this way, I'd want them investigating my murder.
But this year, there was a new guy.
What'd you do?
Will Warshall, this is Catherine Willows from the crime lab. 
You're currently #1 on the SES's transfer list. Same spot you were two months ago when they bypassed you to transfer in Tim Coleman, right?
That's the cutoff date to run in the race. Coleman was a ringer.
We don't release details of our investigation until we're sure of our facts. Now we're sure. 
That's your right.
On the table, please.
So, Dr. Thrillseeker, you ever been on this roller coaster?
Six dead. Park full of eyewitnesses saw the train fly off the tracks. Four-oh-one-B.
Uh-huh.
A runaway?
So, how long you been operating the roller coaster?
That's a promotion, huh?
Oh, I see. So you get to meet girls your own age on Pharaoh's Fever.
What kind of training do you get to be an operator?
I get the picture. All right, look, there are six victims. It'd be helpful to know where each of them was sitting.
Yeah?
That's only five.
'See yourself scream'? What's this about?
How does that work?
I'm still going to want to take that computer.
Zack, you close up shop at the Sphinx at night.
Did you notice any cars in the parking lot after closing on Thursday night?
Oh, you know Jimmy?
Why? 
Do you happen to know the name of his date on Thursday night?
How did Jimmy get access to the park? I mean, all the power is shut down at night.
No kidding.
What about security?
Hey, Zack.
We spoke with Lisa. She said she gave you some ointment for some nasty rash you have.
Not exactly.
Hey, good idea. Why don't we go downtown? We can talk there.
Come on. Come on.
You coming?
Okay.
Two shots to the back of the head. Double tap.
'Ernie Menlo.'  Well, he wasn't carrying a very 'fat' wad.
So, I talked to the pit boss who signed the vic's W-2. He was pulling surveillance. He remembers the big winner.
Sam Braun! What a surprise!
What do you do about it?
When was the last time you saw him?
I guess the roommate's out, huh?
Well, they cleared almost half a mil. It's a good investment.
Hey, Rick, you might want to check this out.
These guys liked to play dress-up.
I'm looking.
Relax. I got it covered. Hey, Rick, remember the time you said you could get a print off of air?
Check this out.
Seth Landers doesn't have a roommate. No answer at his door. Guy's in the wind.
Yeah, I guess we're gonna have to do this the hard way. I'll put out a broadcast.
Wait a minute. 
Hey, kid ... you know Seth Landers?
Las Vegas police. You Seth Landers?
Seth Landers?
Let's go.
Jacking Sam Braun's casino at roulette -- that was gutsy... and smart. And since you weren't the one placing the bet, I guess that makes you the smart one.
Your partners cleared half a mil on your skills. Dollar signs get involved, things get ugly, huh?
Any idea where the money is?
Sam Braun? You're under arrest for the murder of Teddy Keller.
I'm not laughing.
Sam? I'm parked out front.
You waited until Teddy cleared the security cameras ...
And then you took him for a ride ... Vegas style. Just like the old days, huh.
That must have been some chat. We know he left the casino with the money.
I'm sure he did.
So, what next? You gonna tell me you're being set up? It happens to you a lot, huh, Sam?
So, this is your casino of choice? That's what your tenants said.
Let's stop playing dumb, Mr. Greene, huh? 
How's that? Is that better?
What happened to your hand?
Well, that's too bad. 'Cause you know what? Today ... this is your life.
Joe Greene -- aka Joe Landers. They're old friends.
Sorry to break up the reunion, fellas. Mr. Greene ... Mr. Landers ... which is it?
Come with me.
The exclusion/exemption clause means you don't get to gamble. Period. Not even the quarter slots at the gas-and-go.
You got any theories? It was your apartment building. Your son Seth fingered the guy you were sitting next to. A guy you don't know. The guy who put you in the black book.
Yeah, for cheating, Joe.
No, you beat Sam Braun's casino and he ended your gambling career. You're barred from the casinos for life. That sounds like motive to me.
Come on.
Okay, look, here's a quiz. Teddy Keller, Davis Mullins and your son Seth were caught fleecing the Rampart. Now two of 'em are dead.
Then why'd you put him in the middle of your action? Why'd you use him to settle an old score?  Maybe Sam Braun's innocent. Maybe Seth whacked his partners because he got caught.
Nobody knows who she is. The Andersons, they called the Security Company.  They thought somebody was trying to break in their back door. Southern Highlands is a new development. There's really not much around here. Some of my guys are talking to everybody, trying to find out what's going on.
Dr. Todd Coombs.
Las Vegas police. Sir, we need to talk.
Well, if that's true, you got nothing to worry about.
No, you're not. This is where he'll be.
The victim said the car was black.
Dr. Coombs. You're free to go.
Yeah.
Hey, your brother's being hauled in on a rape charge. Does that seem funny to you?
Let me tell you how this works. First things first. We do the test, and then the lawyers come in.
So you two are fraternal twins, huh?
Okay, the pawn shop owner ID'd her, she was looking to buy a gun, and she wasn't in the mood to wait.
Well, the problem is that when the light show starts, everyone's looking up. I mean, what's the chance that this crime is unrelated to the first attack?
Who identified the wrong man.
Well, I got every police officer downtown looking for her.
Yeah, in a perfect world, yeah.
His car was in the driveway.
I'm going to need your license number and a full description of your vehicle.
Put out a BOLO on a beige, 2004 Ford Taurus. Registration, Nevada, 3-9-
You make a mess?
I'm just looking.
So how was Wal-Mart?
Oh, you think that's going to work?
Never worked for me. Hey, do you mind turning that thing off?
So when were you at the store?
That's right, that's right. Hey, let me tell you something. Twelve hours after Linley Parker ID'd you as her rapist, she gets dragged out of her car on Fremont Street. Now she's missing.
Drive safely.
Yeah, this is Jim Brass. Can you send a CSI to my location for evidence recovery.
State your name for the record.
How'd you pick your victims?
You never met Emma Dobbins or Linley Parker. 
A retired grade-school teacher living on a pension ...
No, I know that. What I want to know is, other than the back door, did you or your partner touch anything in the house?
Oh, the nephew said he wanted to see her. Insisted on it. Made me curious. 
You Connor Foster?
Sometimes, when you see the body of someone you know, someone you've seen move before, you want them to move.
It means you're high.
We'd like you to stay.
Where are you living these days, Connor?
Nice. How's work?
Yeah. Yeah, two years ago, your aunt reported a pearl necklace stolen. You were busted trying to hock it at a pawn shop.
Oh, sure. Anything for her favorite nephew. And what have you done for her? She was lying in a coat closet for over a month. You didn't call. You didn't stop by.
Little Stevie Jansson. How was the home of the good shepherd, Steve?
Expunged, huh? So, what's this crap you're pulling now?
And looking at your adult record, this makes strike two and three with one pitch. That's a real time-saver for us.
Madeline Foster. The Kirkwoods.
So, if we asked The Kirkwoods, they'd say you were their handyman, huh?
Consistent, but not conclusive. I spoke to Mr. Kirkwood. He wouldn't confirm or deny Jansson's handyman story. He said he couldn't remember. And without that, uh ...
This gets cheerier by the minute.
Yeah.
Well, you know all your customers this well?
Where were you after your shift on Thursday night?
Down, boy.
Thanks.
No, but I'd bet somebody here was.
Lineup's almost ready to go. 
We're ready.
I already cleared it with the Public Defender.
Here's how this works: There are five guys in a line. We're going to ask each of them to step forward, turn to the side, and then face forward again.
She froze up. She couldn't do it.
Well, we've got enough to hold this Jansson kid, but the other guy ... unless she writes a number down, there's nothing we can do.
Get your kit.
Registration's not here. This is the shopping plaza. Mother can't be too far.
You want to document the inside temperature? 
How many of these have we had this year?
I'm Detective Brass, Las Vegas Police. Sir, do you have a son?
How could you forget?
What kind of job do you have?
Your wife work?
Where's your wife now?
How'd you get to the airport?
Thanks for coming in. We're all done. Thank you.
I got the state medical records for Howard Ashton Winston -- born August
Last year -- Tay-Sachs disease.
Yeah, I worked with a cop in New Jersey whose son died from it. Aw, the poor kid went blind, couldn't swallow. In the end, he couldn't even lift his head up.
Losing one kid is tough, but two?
Mrs. Winston, we have a warrant to search the premises.
Mr. and Mrs. Winston, why don't we get out of this heat?
Why didn't you tell us you had another child who also died?
We found pesticides in Joshua's bloodstream. I'm going to have to get a court order and exhume the body of your first child.
I'm afraid not.
When your second son ended up dead.
I can imagine for both of you it must have been like reliving the nightmare. One child, now two.
The symptoms are similar. Floppiness of the head, arching of the back. 
Blindness ... inability to swallow.
'Cause, maybe, you just didn't want him to suffer?
Pitt was a computer programmer. No next-of-kin.
Now, this scares me.
'PAF con meeting.'
I don't know, but whatever it is, it's still going on.
Take this chair right here. 
Do you a have a name, miss, uh ... ?
Oh, lucky you. Now, do you want some help with the ... your helmet?
Well, it's coming off one way or the other, so ...
What's your human name, sir?
Okay, bud, I'm going to get right to it. Bob Pitt's semen was found all over your kitty costume.
The kind of things that leave semen on your fur?
Okay, Bud. We're going to leave you some time to think about it. Enjoy your new costume.
Wow.
Are you buying this guy?
Well, he gives us all the furnames of people in the pile. What are we going to do -- put out an APB on Tom and Jerry?
So the raccoon was mistaken for a coyote. You gotta be kidding me.
Well, the rancher's going to get off, Linda's dead, and Wolfie ... skates with a misdemeanor.
Actually, we're here about your roommate,
... Ross Jenson. Do you know where we can find him?
Gone almost a week. That normal?
Huh.
Relax, buddy. This is a homicide investigation.
What do you got?
We're going to need to take that computer and a few things back to the lab.
Did you know your father was having a sexual relationship with Ross Jenson?
Were you in Jackpot, Nevada last weekend?
Ross Jenson was ... visiting your dad. We found his car ditched in a barn outside town.
That's right. You don't own a car. You ride a motorcycle.
Put a lot of miles on your bike. It shows.
It's a long drive from Jackpot to Vegas. You knew he'd stop for a refill before he left town.
That why you drugged him? Drove him into the woods? Put him in a hole ... 
... buried him up to his neck ... 
... cut him ...
Hey, Rick, you okay? 'Cause I'm here to drop some more pressure on you.
Rachel Lyford's sister showed up at the police station. Man, she was angry. She was firing on all cylinders.
Apparently, Rachel wore a silver chain around her neck. It wasn't with her personal effects.  Had her father's army dog tags on it and the family wants it back.
Well ... the Sheriff asked me to find it. You know, Rory Atwater's been in office for - what? -- Four months, so it's political. He doesn't want the victim's sister bad-mouthing his department.
Mm-hmm.
Uh-huh. Okay. Killer took a souvenir. I'll let the Sheriff know. Thanks.
Counselor, your client's rights ...
... Will not be violated.
Now, what do you have to say?
How well did you know the victim? That's an easy one.
Were you ever in her apartment?
Well, we're gonna go through it again. 
Were you ever in her apartment?
What do I look like, Mike?
You might want to control your temper, Mike. It can get you in a lot of trouble.
Let's establish a sequence of events. Walk us through the night of the party at your apartment complex right up until your arrest the next day. Don't skip a beat. 
Outstanding.
So, then what?
At Reliant, did the attendant say anything about your broken taillight?
Okay, uh, thank you, thanks for coming down here and volunteering to give a DNA sample. We know you work hard, so, in an effort to be nice, we've provided some lunch, some burgers and stuff, compliments of the Las Vegas police department. Okay, let's form two lines now. Everybody whose birthday is from January to June in this line, everybody else over here. 
As long as it takes, okay? Thank you.
Clear the house. Look for the girl.
Where is she?
See this face? I'm going to be all over you till you give her up.
I want him waiting for me. 
Swat cleared the house. It's empty.
I'm not waiting.
He never actually mentioned her name. All he said was, 'I never meant to hurt her.'
Media's gone now. Just you and me. Where is she? 
Nobody calls 911 unless they're ready to talk. 
Tell me.
Tell me. Get used to this room, bud. You're not going anywhere.
Come on, Joe, I ask you to do one thing and this happens?
Joe.
Getting stitched up, but he left something for you.
What, do you think you're going to walk out of here? You're in for the long haul.
Are we boring you? Huh? 'Cause what you're not getting is I got all night. One of us is getting overtime to be here, and it isn't you, so talk to me.
Julie Waters?
What other girl?
Can we prove it?
Then we better make this one stick.
You lost your bargaining chip. We found her body.
You're pretty composed, Howard. I mean, you kill her. You go buy a shovel, a soda. It's thirsty work, digging a grave, huh?
Why was she even there?
According to the DMV, the Camaro was one of yours, is that right?
Well, we have reason to believe Mr. Watson was a US Air Marshal.
But you found him a car.
What time was that?
Thanks a lot.
You'll be the first to know.
Well, it's been confirmed. The driver, Adam Watson, was a Federal Air Marshal.
I'll flip you for it.
Nine-forty. Why?
So you're saying the bomb was already in the car when he drove out? Well, that can't be. According to the manager, the Camaro was only in the lot for, uh, nine minutes.
So, who rented the car before him?
Roger Dunbar! Open up! Las Vegas police!
Stand down.
Good job, guys.
Okay, well. This guy was obviously on a week-to-week lease.
No sign of any bomb-making material. I'll go check the garage.
Mr. Dunbar, you rented a Camaro from thrift rite rental. Returned it last night, 9:30 P.M. It blew up a half an hour later in front of the Orpheus.
Yeah.
So, what happened? You have a beef with the rental car company?
Oh, I'm sure you are.
We've been to your apartment. What volcano? What kid?
You're divorced?
And during the week?
Cheaper. All right, but it still doesn't explain the empty apartment.
We're going to need your home address.
Bigamy is a Class D Felony. If convicted, you could be sentenced from one to four years in prison, do you know that?
I know I keep coming back to this, but, uh ... I mean, I got to ask you. What's with the empty apartment? Do you have a girlfriend on the side as well?
So witnesses heard multiple gunshots.  They think. Because if it was during the Blitz. You know, the lights were out, sirens were going off, search lights, the whole world war ii experience.
.32 auto. Belly got it.
Well, uh ... 
Oh, geez.
I'll tell you, it's a busy night.
Another body?
How does somebody get into your club with a gun?
Ever see the dead guy before?
Hey, Gil. Wait. You've got something stuck to your shoe.  Oh, no, it's just Sanders.
Mr. Willard! Las Vegas, police. We have a warrant.  Go around the back, Bobby.
You get this address off a pill bottle?
Huh?
Polaroid doesn't do him justice.
Ken Willard.
So you're saying our first victim was a hired killer. Hired by whom?
The .32 automatic we found at your club, the serial numbers were filed off. I mean, you know better than anyone, that's a felony. Lucky for us, the crime lab recovered the numbers.
So what's this, 'The dog ate my homework'?
What do you care? You only own ten percent of the club. Ken Willard owns the rest.
You're damn right they do. He's dead.
You're awaiting trial on drug trafficking, Manny posted your bail.
Oh, yeah? Who's 'E' was it?
So you and Ken had a relationship?
The gun used to kill your hit man.
So what does a contract killer cost these days, Manny?
So, the gang unit says our D.B. is a sixteen-year-old Tyson Plummer.
Hey, it works for me.
Whoa, whoa. I can't let you touch him. What's your name?
I know you know who did this, Leo.
Oh, no, don't say stuff like that. Because only two things can happen: You in shackles or you on a slab. So, let's break the odds this time. What do you say?
Yeah.
So, uh ... you think these concerned citizens are taping the capture of a vicious killer?
I love this guy.
No, you are, Mrs. Tenney.
We're here about, uh, Devon Malton.
Mind if we come in and take a look around?
Look, Family Services says you have this kid.
They've issued aid checks. Now, who do you expect me to believe?
Look, it's either here or at the station. So, you choose.
So, how many times did she actually hit him?
Okay, so the Malton boys were placed in foster care while mom served her sentence.
Any idea where the mother is now? 
I'll put out a Bulletin.
Oh, you're an Americanhero. And I mean that, you are. What the hell were you doing on D Street?
Explain to me why your fingerprints ended up on a plastic bin container in an alley off DStreet?
Oh, did I forget to mention there was a dead kid inside? 
For who?
Where'd you meet her?
What was her name?
Not quite. Where does she live?
I want you to think real hard.
How'd you get there? 
Take a hike, John. I'm her next appointment.
On your feet.
Come on, you can do that in your sleep, honey. Open up or we'll have to stick you with a needle.
What can I say? I like your company.
Yeah.
No? I wonder why anyone would leave one kid with you much less three.
You know, I ran your wants and warrants. It kicked out some aliases. I mean, Devine's a street name. But you're also known as Darlene Lewis, married briefly to a grifter. And a.k.a. Darlene Malton. Hey, that's the same last name as the victim.
If you couldn't take care of them, why didn't you just turn them over to Social Services?
Okay, where are the boys now?
You can have a lawyer after you give me the address. But let me tell you something -- if those boys die, I'm going to make it my business to see you get the death penalty.
There's no one in the house.
I don't know, let's check around back.
So, turns out that mom was sending money after all. I found this letter inside mailed from Seattle with three hundred bucks in it for the kids' upkeep. And that skanky bitch used it to buy a new TV.
Yeah, she never let them upstairs.  Kevin, Raymond ...
Oh, no. I'm going to call an ambulance.
This is Detective Jim Brass. I need EMS.
So, Seattle P.D. has located Candace Malton. They're putting her on a plane tonight. They said she's pretty broken up.
Guess I might as well get it over with. I mean, once she sees the kids she's not going to want to leave them.  What do you think?
Also known as Dennis Kingsley, delivery guy. What do you think?
Okay, Dr. Watson, run it.
Well, if he killed himself, where's the weapon?
From the look of the place upstairs, this guy lived alone, and the neighbors heard the shot, so ... pretty good. I guess I'll, uh, go interview the neighbors.
All right. Yeah, okay.
Well, I found out if I ever need a home loan, as a public servant, I'm pre-approved. You know, the guy looks like a, uh, drug dealer. Turns out he's a mortgage broker.
Yeah.
Yeah, apparently some more than others.
Sounds fun. When was the last time you saw Dennis Kingsley?
We're going to need names and contact information.
You know, I think you ought to drop the accent.
Oh.
No, I'm just looking for someone.
Oh. Uh ... I'm sorry. I didn't recognize you from last night. Is that a friend of yours?
Well, I just have a couple of questions. At Denny Kingsley's, you were smoking a pipe.
I'm going to need it.
Let me worry about that, okay?
You nervous?
Relax. Relax. Just two law enforcement professionals talking to one another, that's all.
I bet you always wanted to be a cop, am I right? So what happened? Flunk the physical? Huh? That's okay; lot of guys do. No? What was it then, psych?
But you can be Sherlock Holmes.
Right.
So, when Denny wasn't there, you could be Sherlock.
That why you killed him?
So you went to his house, you shot him, and then you left, and you came back later with your pals and acted like nothing happened.
His blood on your shoe, tobacco ash from your pipe on the carpet next to his body -- that puts you where he was killed.
Look, there are two kinds of stories: Fact and fiction.
Sherlock Holmes: Fiction. Dennis Kingsley's murder: Fact. Your story: Fiction.
Do you like your life?
Well, I mean, I've seen how happy you are at work. And then I know you come home to Mom and I guess she has terminal cancer. That's got to be tough.
But the Sherlock Holmes Club, that's got to be one bright spot, hmm?
You must have been pretty devastated when Dennis Kingsley decided to break up the club, huh?
I think it's a lot more than that. 
Well ... the tobacco -- your blend is Cavendish.
Okay, why don't I tell this like a story, you know, like the end of a story, all right? Because I like the part where the detectives solve the crime. So here goes. On the day of the murder, you broke into Denny Kingsley's house. That's easy enough, the lock's crummy. You snuck downstairs. You replaced his cocaine with morphine, because you knew he was a creature of habit. So now all you had to do is wait.
So you sprinkle some of Dr. Watson's pipe tobacco in the carpet. You scoop up some of Denny's blood, to splash on Watson's shoes later. Why the elaborate frame-up of Watson? He had as much to lose as you.
The only car up here. Security called it in.
Dead guy's in the driver's seat.
Nope. And no surveillance either. We ain't on the strip, baby. Five hundred bucks and a Nevada license. Vincent Decarlo, 28.
We need to talk to her.
Yeah.
Fly fishing rods ... air purification systems, vitamins, yoga tapes ... cleaning products ... most of these boxes have the same return address. N.Z.A., Inc. It's local. It's in Henderson.
Scumbag telemarketers.
Watch your fingers.
And you are?
Well, Betsy, I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas police. And this is Warrick Brown with the crime lab.
Detective Jim Brass.
Warrick?
The company's address was on the old lady's boxes.
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police, and this is Warrick Brown from the crime lab - We got a couple of questions.
Dax, at yakety-yak, you're the greatest. I got a one-time-only offer for you. Should we talk about it here or downtown?
Are you packing?  This a legal gun?
Okay. Downtown it is. Let's go.
When was the last time someone won a Cadillac?
Apparently, you're very good at your job, but you're not the best. I saw the board -- you're number two. Right behind a dead guy. 
When was the last time you saw him?
We found your blood on his jacket.
Honor among thieves?
So you killed Vincent Decarlo because he was better than you, because he stole your leads, because he sold your bubby Bonnie, and you wanted him out of the way.
Your grandmother. Bonnie Bakerset.
Nah, I'm trying to get a rastafarian thing going. 
We're polizia. Yeah.
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. This is Nick Stokes from the Crime Lab. We're here about Svetlana Melton.
In what capacity?
So men shop for a wife. You screen the guys?
You should be sainted.
You recognize this guy?
Nick is, uh ... he's an old-fashioned guy.
So you're a romantic.
She licked your cone.
Mr. Wellstone, what do you do for a living?
You're not in construction or anything?
So the tar from your carpet matches the tar that Svetlana Melton was buried in.
We also found your blood on her parka that she wore to the hospital two years ago.
So can we -- you beat her, you killed her, you buried her.
Put that in here.
'Ken, do not look for me. I need to go away. Svetlana.'
So what was your relationship, Kenski?
How did her husband feel about that?
How'd she break her jaw?
Huh?
We have reason to believe Svetlana Melton was murdered in your salon. We have a search warrant.
Everything in order?
Take as long as you want. We're going to be here a while.
The necklace.
No, no, no. No, no. I got it. I got it.
Boy, women can really drive you crazy, huh? I mean, this perfect creature who needs you, who loves you. I mean, you think you've got it all worked out. Your Christmas card's gonna look like the Sears catalogue, right? And then what? I mean, you give her stuff. You give her clothes, money and shelter, and, uh, and then she goes and makes up some bogus story about how you attacked her.
Man ... a love like that. So pure. I mean, men have robbed banks for less, put their life on the line ... would kill to protect it.
You made her an American.
Bolo out on the vehicle. Missing persons: Lori Kyman. Husband said she went out with some girlfriends earlier this evening, and never came home.
I ran her cell phone log. She made one call to her husband at 9:30. Said she was coming home at eleven; that's it.
Where'd you go?
That's right next to O'Shea's.
So, Mark, you were home alone with the baby last night?
Your mother-in-law. I'll need to speak with her.
So, Lori calls you at 9:30 to check on the baby.
So, you haven't left the house since you got home last night?
Diane, I want you to know we have every available officer out looking for your daughter.
You know, I just got a quick couple of questions. Can you confirm you were here last night when Mark came home from work?
What time was that?
And when did your daughter call?
So 9:30. Thanks. That's all for now, thank you.
I'd take care of your family, Mark. And if Ms. Sidle asks, volunteer your fingerprints and DNA.
Tell us about Lori Kyman.
I don't get out much. Why would you do that?
And then she'd be appropriately grateful, and what, sleep with you?
She never made it home.
Make yourself comfortable.
Guy walking his dog found her.
Maybe the suspect was in a hurry. Or he just didn't give a damn.
Yeah, how do you tell a little boy he'll never know his mother?
You don't remember a Bentley?
Yeah.
Do you remember, uh, what the driver looked like?
Young? Old? He have a hat on?
Okay.
It may be probative to our investigation of her daughter's death.
At a grand a day, a Bentley's a little extravagant. I mean, I usually rent a Taurus.
Was the vehicle ever out of your possession?
That's what I mean, yeah.
Ms. Hoyt, did you drive your car to Sutor, Nevada?
Yeah, but if she has nothing to hide, it's no big deal.
We have nothing to arrest her on.
That's why I like the husband. Maybe they're in it together.
Hello, Mrs. Robinson.
A Bentley is a lot more comfortable than a bike.
Wife comes home from canasta at the club, finds hubby dead in the driveway, calls 9-1-1. No sign of forced entry. The alarm was off. Nothing seems to be missing.
Welcome to the party.
House this big -- where's all the help?
I'm more interested in what happened after he died.
Mrs. Eiger, uh, I don't know how to put this ...
Okay, Donna, sure. Your husband's boxer shorts.
So you moved the body?
Am I being strong-armed by private counsel?
Because, contrary to what you may think, not everybody in Vegas is under the thumb of Bruce Eiger.
And those interests would be what?
Protect what? The guy's dead.
Look, if this is about him being a sodomite, we already know that.
After the case is adjudicated, you can have access to the autopsy reports. In the meantime, let me do my job, okay?
Mr. Magli, Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. Greg Sanders from the Crime Lab.
We're, uh, focusing on his life here on earth.
When was the last time you saw him?
What's that?
It's funny what people will say when there's a warrant in their face.
And we're looking at you for murder.
Right. You're a journalist. So, what were you doing at the Eiger house that night?
All right, let me get this straight. Sy Magli hired you to take pictures of him sleeping with Donna Eiger?
By sleeping with Bruce Eiger's wife.
You know, there were cops everywhere. Whose palm did you grease?
You administer any help?
So you're admitting responsibility in the death of your husband?
So it was a mercy killing?
So I take it that you weren't his, uh, his mommy?
We have reason to believe it was the same baby-sitter every week. Any idea who that is?
Why didn't you leave him?
Well, maybe you had to get Bruce to leave you. You push him off the balcony?
Your reputation.
So, that new Lamborghini is a pretty smooth ride. Grant from the dealership told me you bought one recently.
For who?
Yeah, she's cute. How old is she?
So, you been together nine years -- that'll make her about fifteen when you consummated the relationship. Don't you know that fifteen will get you twenty?
Why was Tanya's Lamborghini parked in Bruce Eiger's driveway?
I thought she was your girl.
You poached her.
Then what? 'Cause I got felony s*x, infidelities and a picture of a baby I don't know anything about.
So, all's well that ends well, huh, Sy?
And your cell phone is full of pictures of 'Baby Bruce.'
Yeah, there's really not much to fear about a crying man in a diaper.
As opposed to soiling himself and gumming your nipples?
That's it?
How long ago was that?
Do you recognize this infant?
Well, Bruce said he gave you his lover's baby to raise. The mother's name was Tanya.
When was the last time you saw your son, Mrs. Eiger?
You didn't know he had kids?
What's that?
I don't follow.
Yeah. 
And what's the world like?
Yeah, look where we are.
Sorry to interrupt. I miss the punch line?
So Bruce lied about the kid. There was an out-of-state adoption that placed the day the kid was born. 
And Bruce's mother ...  His mother was a piece of work.
You can if there's LSD in her pom-poms. Acid makes her culpable. Class A felony.
You know, what I can't get my mind wrapped around is, uh, you got a guy who's tough enough to get to the top of the heap in Vegas, all this power, and he ends up crawling around a playpen.
I hear Fiji's nice.
Yeah. I think I'd take Fiji.
The end of Rainbow Canyon. And this must be the pot of gold.
American Football Franchise Association. That league folded about twenty years ago.
So, this is your ring, huh?
Why is that?
No. No, no. No, I ... no, I'm just listening.
Okay, Councilman. Say you're an alcoholic. One day you decide to give up the bottle. And, more often than not, you're gonna trade in the shot glass for a dozen Krispy Kremes and start pounding them away with both hands. You know what I mean?
No. I-I'm really not making any judgments.
You can file a claim at our office and get the ring back any time you want.
Hey.
So I tracked down the football ring from the pawnshop records. The ring was bought by Kelvin Russell. Get this. Russell worked for the VSL, the Vegas Sports Line.
Now, if the vic worked for the VSL, he's legally prohibited from sports gambling. I mean, that guy should be nowhere near a betting ticket.
Hey, Mitch. So I see you're still the man with the plan, huh?
I'm here about one of your employees, Kelvin Russell.
He's dead.
We're gonna need statements from everybody. Who knew him best?
All right, Scott, so, uh, you and Kelvin were buds, right?
Oh, so, he wasn't the favorite?
So, when was the last time you saw Kelvin?
What was the big rush?
Lou Barnes. Big money runner. Still living at your mom's house?
Hey, buddy, focus. You all right?
Guess not.
Russell knows the line's going to move on a big game, and he wants to cash in on it. But he can't go near a book without being reported, so he hires Barnes to place the bets.
You want to tell us who filled you full of lead?
The car was reported stolen last week. The R.O. is Mitch Urbana. It's been picked clean.
Waiting for you; pop it.
What do you got?
The dust in your trunk is high carbon steel mixed with chrome - consistent with a shotgun barrel, like the weapon used to kill Kelvin Russell.
You and Kelvin weren't on the best terms, eh?
Hey, he nailed the Duke game.
Let me tell you what I think. Kelvin made you look bad. He made you look stupid. And for a guy who thinks highly of himself, who clearly needs to be right, where there's a tremendous amount of ego involved, that's motivation for murder.
Let's go.
Go.
Las Vegas police.
Cesar Dabo?
Put your hands on your head.
Listen, Cesar, you know, you're looking at a lighter gig if you tell us who paid you to kill Russell.
But you're willing to do time for that?
All right, how much you get paid for the hit?
Decedent's name is Martha Krell. Flight attendant. She checked in this afternoon.
Apparently, she was stabbed to death. The coroner's en route.
No clothes, no luggage.
Take a whiff.
Smells like a hospital.
Wow. So you were friends? 
So you discovered the body.
So you knocked on her door, and when she didn't answer, you just went right in?
Yeah, I knew that. Does the hotel have surveillance?
Thank you. You've been a big help.
Thank you. I'll let you know.
What are you asking me?
Look, I'm trying to catch a killer. I got no control over the press. If this makes the news, then it is what it is.
Las Vegas police. 
We're looking for Jesse Acheson.
Do you know where he is?
Well, your marriage is just full of romance, huh?
That was fun.
We'll be close.
So, I just got back from the Tangiers. The G.M. won't let us into Jesse Acheson's room without a search warrant, and the judge denied our request.
I'll bring Acheson in for questioning, I guess.
Sure, I'll get him a bag of donuts.
Look, Jesse, we appreciate you coming down here voluntarily, but if you clam up, we're gonna have to file an obstruction of justice charge, and that's not good ... for you. Let's make it easy on yourself.
What were you doing in Sue Stein's hotel room?
Try us.
All right, let's cut to the chase. You were there to sell her blow, right?
We're just having a little chat here.
Are they all female?
You park your carts in the hallway when you clean the room, so anyone could have swiped a bottle of bleach, right?
We'll be in touch.
Just going through the motions. Kid's name is Dani Stewart; she's five. Neighbors saw her floating facedown in the pool from their second-story balcony, called 9-1-1.
They couldn't get in the backyard gate. Childproof lock.
Home.
How long have you been Morgan Stewart's assistant?
Did you and Morgan ever see each other outside of work?
We found a brown hair in his bed. Your color.
Hmm. Were you ever in his bedroom?
Then you wouldn't mind giving us a sample of your hair.
You know how that makes you look?
Mr. Matthews. Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. How's your wife doing? 
You know, I just have a couple of questions. Maybe we should talk outside.
Okay. You know, when the detective interviewed you earlier, why didn't you tell him that your best friend and his family had just been killed?
Were you at Morgan's house yesterday?
How about your wife?
Well, she's been spending a lot of time there.
Your wife was having an affair with your best friend. Look, I feel for you, Neal; I do. Friends don't sleep with their friend's wives.
Guilty? I don't know.
So, if Morgan rejected her, how would she have taken that?
Bad enough to kill?
We got a problem, Neal. We found chlorine from the Stewarts' pool on your wife's sweater. That puts her at the scene. We're going to be charging her with the murders.
Well, the way we see it, you know, Tara went back to Morgan's house to tell him that she was pregnant with his child, and ... what, she told you the baby was yours?
And you believed her? 
Oh, well, sure. I mean, you and Morgan are close enough in looks. She probably would've gotten away with it. 
Yeah, we know. We subpoenaed your medical records. You had bad sperm.
I mean, I suppose Morgan got what he deserved. But just because you're defective doesn't mean that Tara's gonna jump in bed with him.
And Corinne and the kid ... wrong place, wrong time, I guess.
... and you couldn't give it to her, so she took her business elsewhere. And it didn't take long for Morgan to hit a home run ...
Look, Neal. Just because she's lying burned up in a hospital room carrying your best friend's kid ...
... Isn't going to cut it with the D.A.
She killed three people.
Go ahead and walk. Go ahead, let Tara take the fall. She's probably not gonna make it anyway.
We know you were there. We got a fragment from a basal thermometer found in your shoe.
I know she wanted a baby more than she wanted to be your wife; I know that much. So tell me what I don't know. 
You shot her.
What about Dani?
Neal ... what happened to Dani?
What, did you piss off Ecklie again? This is a hit-and-run. I was expecting Greg Sanders.
Yeah, the old Fiero. Kind of makes you nostalgic for a 'members only' jacket. Anyway, the Hummer was going the wrong way on a one-way street. The guy in the Fiero, lucky to be alive. Nobody saw the driver get out.
Well, you obviously haven't met any paroled rappers.
Or maybe a joyride.
There's a red smear on the door. Somebody's got blood on their hands.
So, what happened?
Well, um, how do you see it, Mrs. Shaw?
Yeah ...
Hold up. This guy matches the description of a suspect in a carjack hit-and-run.
Yeah, a'ight ... One Cent, let's go.
So the kid denies jacking the Hummer. Says he's never even been in one.
And he's skinny, which matches one of the descriptions. I'm charging him.
Lawrence Lafontaine, you're under arrest.
No, the taco did.
Let me get this straight, Larry. An old man refuses to let you steal his money, so you jack a Hummer and try to run over his taco stand?
How do we know the bones just didn't wash off the street?
Or a serial killer with a lot of patience.
Okay, let's start with the houses within eyeshot of the manhole, and then we'll work our way out from there. Hmm? Okay.
Oh, dear.
Detective.
You mind standing behind the tape? It's for your own safety.
There you go.
What's your name?
Well, you know, Marty, I'm really not at liberty to say. But did you see anybody throw any stuff down that sewer?
I mean, since we don't have a solid time frame, it's kind of tough to jog memories. But nobody saw anybody throw anything like a body down that manhole. But several people suggested we talk to his high school kid, Owen Durbin.  Now, he's a neighborhood bully. He likes to throw cherry bombs in there and hear 'em go boom.
We're not looking for bones.
We've had several complaints from your neighbors, sir.
Well,  This is gonna happen, so please step outside. Ask your family to come with you. Thank you. 
Okay.
Whoa. Lot of ammo here, all different caliber. Means multiple weapons are present ... somewhere.
Okay. I'm gonna get the warrant amended for blood evidence collection. Until then ... 
Won't take long, so hang loose.  And I'll get the animal control to get these mutts out of here.
So tell me something ... what's a guy who sells life insurance doing with a half a dozen pipe bombs?
I mean, you got a grudge against the government? Is this a Timothy McVeigh thing? 
Or... you just have a weird fascination with watching things go boom?
You got a wife and a kid. Aren't you afraid they might get hurt?
Well, clearly you don't. 
The bombs are a class-B felony. The penalty is one to six years in prison for each device. 
We found blood in your house.
Oh, yeah? How about this? We found a body in the sewer in front of your house. Did we put that there?
Is this a classmate of yours, Owen?
Okay, let's try that again. You two went to the same middle school, right?
You guess. Were you friends?
Mrs. Durbin, may I speak with you for a minute in private? Excuse us, Owen.
You know, sometimes kids get self-conscious around their parents. Maybe it would be better if I spoke to Owen by myself. He'll have an advocate present to make sure his rights are respected. Okay?
Tell me about the blood in your house.
Well, the top of the stairs for starters.
You do.
Yeah, he stopped talking after I told him we blew up his house.
They're still in play. How much longer is anybody's guess. But, uh, we need something more to go back at them with.
And now you're gonna tell us how it got there.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What are you telling me, that a kid that you've never seen, a kid who's not even friends with your son, got a nosebleed in your house? Huh? You're lying. You know, we can make this quick, 'cause I got enough to arrest you right now.
So what happened? He piss you off? Get in a fight? Maybe called you a mama's boy? Or did you just want to see what it felt like to stab somebody?
Yeah, that's kind of funny, because, um, you're not much of a housekeeper.
Well, the kid gets murder, mom's an accessory, and dad gets felony explosives. It's a family-value pack.
But you know, no matter how bad your kid turns out, it never changes how you feel about him.
Hello.
Ellie. Are you okay?
Oh, hey, Sheriff. I'm glad I caught you.
Um ... I got to take some emergency leave. It's a ... it's a family matter.
Well, you're new. We haven't had a chance to talk. Um ... I, uh, briefed my lieutenant on my cases. He'll cover for me for a couple of days.
Well, it's never a good time to have a family problem, Sheriff. Look, I don't ask for time off normally. I'd appreciate the courtesy.
You do, too, Annie.
L.A. seems to agree with you.
You stay in touch with the old crew?
So that's why they called me squeaky?
Yeah, it's the only detail where you're told to drink, gamble and pick up hookers, all the while carrying a gun.
So, you got my message? My daughter Ellie and her friend Dakota were out partying and Dakota got in some guy's car. Ellie was able to pull a partial. Something about a whale tail.
She has a sheet?
About three years ago. Um, she got into some trouble in Vegas. Hanging around with a bad bunch.
Looks like her taste in people hasn't changed much.
Ellie, it's your dad.
Relax, take it easy. I got it off caller I.D.
Yeah. LAPD's looking into it.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay, um, I'll call you when I hear something, all right?
Hey.
Let's talk to them.
So, no Rudy Giuliani broken windows theory here, huh?
Hey, check this out. B-H-G-C?
Anybody checked the trunk?
Rick. Rick, what are you doing here?
Ah, it's a long, sad story, man. 
She's not a blonde anymore. Let's check out the car.
Captain Annie Kramer, this is Warrick Brown from Las Vegas.
Hey, Jim Brass.
I'll take a rain check, okay. 
Ellie ...
How's the beach house?
I have information about your friend, Dakota. Get in.
No. But we found the car.
We found blood in the trunk.
Look, do you have anything with her DNA on it, like a hair brush or toothbrush or ... ?
How about clothes or sheets or pillowcases, like that?
Even the bed?
If the lab doesn't have anything to match the blood to, then we'll never know. That's it.
Come on, let's get some dinner, huh? You look hungry.
Tested for what?
Don't you use protection?
You're a lot smarter than that, Ellie. Come on.
Don't go away. Don't-don't leave, don't leave.
Don't leave.
Ellie. Ellie!
We found blood in the trunk of a car. We have reason to believe it could be Sasha Reynolds', street name Dakota.
Is that all the help they get?
Good luck to you, too, doctor.
How'd you get up the hill?
They didn't take your wallet?
It's a pretty sweet ride. I'm still hung up on why you didn't report it.
Then maybe you should stop having dates in your front seat.
How would you know that?
We need to get a warrant to get into that house.
Enough for a city attorney?
He's hinky. I can feel it. 
There's an unreliable witness. So what do we do now?
What are we doing here again?
Hey.
Judge, Councilman.
Hey, Vic, how are you doing?
Right.
Well, we try.
Well, that's not easy.
I'm touched. Thank you, man. Thank you. Gentlemen.
I can see that.
Look, you can be cute, or you can help us find your friend. What's it gonna be?
You're not gonna arrest me for breaking and entering, are you?
I'll know it when I see it.
Smelled something in the hallway. That's why we broke in, right?
Well, Rick is like a vampire. He needs to be invited in.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
No guns, no blood. Nothing in plain sight linking him to Dakota's disappearance.
Put the gun down!
Put the gun down.
Don't make me shoot you. Put the gun down.
You have to identify the body.
Hey. Hey.
Brass.
Who you been talking to?
Look, my kid's in trouble, Ben.
Look, write me up for insubordination. I can't come back now.
You were right; I shouldn't have come.
Don't you understand? We just pulled your best friend out of a lake. I mean, it was just luck it wasn't you.
Yeah, not today. But look at you. You've turned yourself into a disposable human being. Don't you get it? You're nothing but plumbing.
Okay. You're right. You're right. I messed up. But I'm just trying to do the best that I can. I wish you could say the same thing.
Hey, Doc, did you get my fax?
Yeah, well, it's all Greek to me. Can you help me out?
I'll be home tomorrow. 
What do you mean?
What are you, a detective now?
Cause of death?
So, she was beaten and left to die?
Anything else?
Probably what they used to weigh her down in the lake.
No. I just want it to be over with and have a happy ending.
I sleep in my shoes, Todd.
Well, maybe he swings both ways.
She died in this room.
She was beaten multiple times. There must be some spatter or cast-off.
Yeah, got one right here.
Yeah.
Mmm.
Who needs three trash bins?
The coroner found green wax under Dakota's fingernails.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
They say why?
So visiting hours are over, doctor. It's time to go.
What about her?
Well, I couldn't get much out of Annie, but I don't think Piccone killed Dakota -- it wasn't his scene.
Who's going to believe a tweaker hooker?
Yeah, uh, Ellie, it's, it's your dad. Listen, you were right about the guy; he's a pretty important person with pretty important friends. So, uh, do me a favor. Don't go out tonight. Okay? 
Self defense?
Who was she defending against?
Wait a minute. Silvio Peters? He's a judge. He's on the list?
They're all in AFIS?
Right. I mean, doctors, lawyers, right.
If he shops there, maybe he shoots there.
You know, I'm just in town for a couple of days. It's always been a dream of mine to shoot at the famous Beverly Hills Gun Club. I wonder if I could get a day pass?
Look, um ... tell me something. You know, is it, is it true that, uh, you know, the actor Vic Patterson shoots here? 
No kidding.
Wow.
Um ... I'll shoot what Vic shoots.
Yeah.
You know, actually I did, and if you get me a match, you might be able to meet him at his trial.
Great, great. Thanks for all your help. Thank you.
Yeah. IBIS confirmed the match. We're good to go. So, where you been?
She wasn't shot. She was beaten.
A jackass.
The gun is the murder weapon.
Oh. I'm sorry. I knew you thought this guy was a winner.
You know, the only record of this investigation is in that envelope, and half the evidence collection won't stand up in court, so it's your call.  How many years you got on? 
Well, that's 23 combined. That's a lot of innings. I mean, the worse they can do is make you retire.
Well, if it's all you got, then you got to do it right. Remember Mike O'Toole? From Vice?
Yeah, he was a heartbreaker. Broke up my marriage.
Well, Nancy used our affair because she was looking for a way out, but for me ... I mean, I guess I'm old-fashioned. You know, a bad marriage is better than no marriage ... I thought.
You see, that's the thing. I didn't have a kid.
Well ... I spent a good chunk of my life looking the other way. I mean, so much so that my neck got tired. So I, you know, I got a divorce. I, uh ... turned Mike and his crew in. Started over in Vegas. Ellie. She's like the unfinished business of all that.
Are the patients locked in their rooms at night?
So they're free to roam around?
Where's Kenny now?
Who's this guy knitting an imaginary sweater? How's he know when it's finished?
Or any desire to.
No one ever does.
Never? 
So what do you do at night?
About what?
Robert Garson?
Hmm?
So you're thinking the donor could be the killer?
Well ...  Happy swabbing.
News flash from the loony bin. Two reported deaths in the last three years from 'complications due to restraint procedures.'
The hospital just got off probation. One more death by restraint brings the feds in.
Or make it look like someone else did it.
Why would he do that?
We're gonna need to talk to his pharmacist.
Where are the real drugs, Leon?
Man ... xanax, lanzopine, zoloft, suprazadone, clozapine, lorazapan, lithium, valium, wellbutrin, haldol, respiredone.
Maybe Robbie caught you skimping on his meds, threatened to blow the whistle. There goes that supplemental income.
I bet he did.
Your Dearest Angel. 
Okay. Joanne McKay, registered nurse, licensed by the Nevada board of Nursing 1978. Married Howard Trent 1980. The board requires you to get a new certificate when you get married. I guess you never complied.
I guess that makes it less embarrassing to check into the motel with your son.  Oh, I'm sorry. You checked into a psycho ward instead.
Let's cut the umbilical cord, okay? Six months ago your letters started to come back. No more communication with Little Lord Fauntleroy. So you apply to Desert State. They were desperate for nursing staff, so you got a job.
Bet it's tough to turn a folie a deux into a menage a trois. N'est-ce pas?
So you had no choice but to get rid of Robbie. And being a good nurse, you knew his trigger.
You manipulated the situation and took advantage of his weakness.
Just the incest, which is a Class B felony. It carries a penalty of up to ten years.
Well. Okay.
Joanne McKay, you're under arrest for the crime of incest ...
... your rights. You have the right to ... 
Catherine. 
Freshman dorm, coed. Two DB's on the third floor -- Trip Wilmont and Paula Levine. Both 18.
So this is Trip's dorm room. When he missed a big b-ball game this afternoon, his coach called his R.A. His R.A. got the kid next door to jimmy the lock 
Paramedics pronounced and took off. The coroner's en route.
Had you done that before?
So you and trip were friends?
Mm-hmm.
BRASS: So I guess that's a no?
Did you help him, or did you do it for him? Look, it's not the Spanish Inquisition.
Okay.
Think! Did you see anybody else in the area?
You're not supposed to take your eyes off him ever.
He's been gone maybe twenty-five minutes.
I'm gonna get right to it, because time is of the essence here.  Where'd you get that package, bud?
He's right, so you better be careful.
How much cash?
Easy, boots. I'm gonna need those bills.
What's the address?
Code four. Code four.
Yeah, the address was a waste of time. Nothing here but a fat drunk and a bad smell.
Any news on the web cam location?
Okay.
We got the kidnapper's truck. Nevada tags: 374-Robert-
So at trial, you testified that you went with your boyfriend to visit a buddy of his. And when you went in the house, your boyfriend blew the guy away.
He was an aerospace engineer, right? Good with explosives?
You know, we had your visitor's log. Your father stopped coming to see you six weeks into your sentence.
He kidnapped a friend of mine. A CSI. And then he blew himself up. Tried to take some cops with him.
Hey, we're all still here.
Yeah, look, if you cooperate, we can get your sentence reduced.
That's the whole place.
Are you kidding?
Think! Did you see anybody else in the area?
You're not supposed to take your eyes off him ever.
He's been gone maybe twenty-five minutes.
I'm gonna get right to it, because time is of the essence here.  Where'd you get that package, bud?
He's right, so you better be careful.
How much cash?
Easy, boots. I'm gonna need those bills.
What's the address?
Code four. Code four.
Yeah, the address was a waste of time. Nothing here but a fat drunk and a bad smell.
Any news on the web cam location?
Okay.
We got the kidnapper's truck. Nevada tags: 374-Robert-
So at trial, you testified that you went with your boyfriend to visit a buddy of his. And when you went in the house, your boyfriend blew the guy away.
He was an aerospace engineer, right? Good with explosives?
You know, we had your visitor's log. Your father stopped coming to see you six weeks into your sentence.
He kidnapped a friend of mine. A CSI. And then he blew himself up. Tried to take some cops with him.
Hey, we're all still here.
Yeah, look, if you cooperate, we can get your sentence reduced.
That's the whole place.
Are you kidding?
After girls' day out, you, uh, stopped here for a snack.
Is that your father?
In the car?
So what did he look like? What kind of car did he drive?
No, that's ... that's good. 
You did good. That's good. Thank you. 
This is Captain Jim Brass. I want to issue a Missing Persons Emergency Alert Amber. Notify all radio and casino signatories. The description is as follows ...
What time was that?
Was it busy?
How many surveillance cameras do you have in here?
Well, I'm glad to see you're so concerned about your customers after they leave the store.
How long have they worked for you?
How about a housekeeper or a maid?
Let's talk about your daughter's routines. Her routes to and from school, any extra-curricular activities, a list of friends. 
How often did April get her sister to skip school?
I'm curious because April said she hardly ever gets to see Alicia. Why didn't she just come here?
For what?
You know, if a victim has a serious illness, you really should disclose it right away.
So, Jimmy, on your way to and from school, did anyone ever bother you or approach you in any way?
What gave you the creeps?
What'd he look like?
Thanks. You've been a great help, Jimmy. Thank you. Uh, if it's okay with your mom, I'm going to have you hang around, look at some photos. All right?
Did you, uh, cut yourself shaving, Mr. Waylord.  Marlon must be shy.
And I believe you, too. Come on, step over here, please.
Well, that's a big word. Well, you got all your facts right, Marlon. Help us with this one. We know you own a Buick. Where is it?
I hate that. I'll have it towed to the lab.
So here's the deal: When you go up, I won't yell short eyes first. How's that sound?
The inmates didn't treat you too gentle the last time. Did they?
So tell me what you did with Alicia.
Oh, come on. Don't make me smack you.
No, I did. I know that your recent preference is for little boys, but, uh, your first time was with a female cousin. Let me read what you said. 'I couldn't help myself 'cause she was acting so hot. It was her fault; she was really hot.'
A tour helicopter spotted her around 4:00 P.M.
Just the responding officers, lug soles, sizes 10 and 11.
Yeah, well, there's no rush now.
I bought it the hell we all bought it. But your sister was already dead when you raised that alarm. Her body told us that. There was no sexual assault. The evidence told us that, too. So you didn't think this through, sweetheart. So what are we left with? A false police report and a murdered little girl. So it's one to four for the Amber Alert. And for your sister, life imprisonment if it's an accident, and the needle if it's not.
But you know, I get it. I get the picture. I mean, your brother's the center of attention. He's sick, he's dying. Your cells don't match. Your parents have Alicia. She's his savior. So, where do you fit in? What are you to this family?
But not anymore you're not. She's dead, and your brother's sick. When he goes ...
I want to believe that. Come on. Help me to believe that. It just means you were in on it because you put on one hell of a show. You still using?
Maybe we should run your blood just to be sure, huh?
So how do you pay for this habit? Are you pimping your sister for drugs, April?
Depends on who you sold it to. You're not gonna talk your way out of this one. You need to get clean.
Mr. and Mrs. Perez...
I'll tell you on the way to the police station - where's your son?
Let's go.
I don't get you, man. I mean, even if you could explain it, I would never understand how you could stuff your daughter in the trunk of your car and dump her body in the woods!
Wasn't Alicia part of your family? You're her father, you dumb b*st*rd! You're supposed to protect her. What kind of man are you?
You know, we got enough evidence to charge you with premeditated murder.
You helped your husband move the body. You know, I really don't see him taking her underpants off, so that job was left to you. Then you or your daughter, April, checked the s*x offenders' registry, and you tried to frame an innocent man.
Forget about that; this is about you. You're the tough one. You run the house. You run the family. People do what you say in a crisis.
So this time Alicia said no. She wanted to keep her kidney, and that pissed you off. So you killed her.
She was angry -- she wanted to play on the soccer team, she wanted a life. 
And you're just the type of woman that would never let her forget it. Come on, Alicia wanted out of this game, and you couldn't let that happen. Not to Daniel, not to your only son, your favorite child.
You slipped Alicia some of Daniel's oxycodone.
So now you got a problem -- you had a dead body in the house and no plausible explanation. What are you gonna do? So you call your daughter April. You make up a story, you play your roles, and put on a show.
Oh, you know, I-I thought the, uh, the slap was a nice touch.
Okay. So two days ago the residence was tented for termites. This morning, the bug guys came to clear the house. They found the homeowner exterminated.
He's ID'd as Elliot Beckman, 42, lived alone. Body's in the family room.
Just the exterminators and the paramedics who pronounced. They entered and exited through the front door. Good luck.
All right, so you released the gas, then what?
Once you left the house, could Beckman have snuck back in in any way?
You know tented houses -- they're prime targets for burglars.
Yeah, says you.
So why didn't you contact the police?
All right, let me get this straight -- so you came in from a run and then what happened?
You figured the fumigation would cover your tracks, that we'd chalk it up to an accident.
You've had five noise complaints against him last year.
Or is it a reason to commit assault? He filed charges against you last May.
Save the swearing for trial. You're under arrest.
So you're the last one to see Elliot Beckman alive. So did he drive away from his house?
And that's the last time you saw him?
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson, I presume?
Well, it may be elementary, but I have a conundrum. I just got back from the Four Aces. The hotel manager said Elliot tried to check in with his bird. The guy turned him down because he didn't have a cage, so supposedly Elliot went home to retrieve it, but neither he nor the bird ever returned.
Mr. Martin, we have a warrant to search your apartment. Please, stay with me. Stay ahead of me.
Look, shut up and stay still.
Couple of sport, couple of dress. Why?
Twenty?
Despite his neighbor's best efforts, he was a goner.
What's the matter? Can't do your work?  Hey, fellas, what's the holdup? Come on. I told you half an hour ago turn the damn fountain off! Give me a break.
You can't find good help.
Well, this one sprung a dead woman ... Vanessa Keaton. She lived over there.  A neighbor walking her dog found her.
Well, you know, it's a shindig. 43 Niagara Circle. The vic was there with her husband. Who left the party early. That's Dan Keaton, and that's his daughter Amy.
Thank you. Finally!
What, a little hung over? Too much to drink, maybe? We'll have a police officer get you some water.
Danny, help him out. 
So, the last time you saw your wife was at the party?
But you left early without your wife, right?
For what?
What time did you leave?
Anyone see you come home? Maybe your daughter? This is Amy, right?
So, Amy, did you see your parents when you came in?
The sirens, huh?
We're asking the questions, Mr. Brady.
So, tell me about last night. Was it a special occasion?
You notice anything else, anything out of the ordinary? Like an argument or a fight?
He seem upset when he left?
The lifestyle?
No kidding.
How do you feel about Vanessa Keaton?
So Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham, was Vanessa Keaton here the night she died?
So your neighbors come in and use the spa?
Yeah, I guess so, I mean, you share everything else. Why not?
So what time did you leave the party?
Where'd you go?
I see.
Three strikes you're out.
Mrs. Cunningham, you told us that you spent last night at the Bellagio with your husband.
Are you sure about that?
I mean, that's your call, that's your right, but let me point out that if you're covering for your husband, that's conspiracy after the fact. Now, are you prepared to go to jail over this?
Okay, what if I told you the hotel maid told us that you weren't with Tom, what would you say?
You know, I'm trying to help you out here, and I want to help you out, okay? But you got to cut the crap. Okay? Come on, tell me what happened. I mean, security confirmed that you were with a female. Late 20s, blonde, I mean, she even paid for breakfast with her credit card. So ... I'll tell you what, why don't we start over, okay? And you tell me what happened.
She's fifteen.
She's a minor, you're an adult. What's to explain?
Too late.
Starting in 1987, a series of murders occurred on the WLVU campus. Three women: Janet Kent ... Marcia Reese ... and Charlene Roth. Now, Charlene Roth's murder provided us with enough evidence to investigate a suspect ... John Mathers, WLVU security guard. He was arrested, tried and convicted. Two years ago, this week, he was executed. The night of his execution, Debby Reston was murdered.
Which means the serial killer is still at large. 
He stuffed them in black plastic trash bags
... and dumps the bodies in plain sight.
So we're looking for a sadistic, ritualistic, organized sociopath. 
We'll be on 12 and 12s. No holidays, no vacations until this is solved.
Okay, break it open.
The police presence on the campus probably interrupted his plans for her disposal.
'Introduction to the female form'? Well, that's deep. That's really deep. I bet that brings in all the 17-year-old pre-feminists.
Well, maybe it's your alter ego. You know, your bad-boy side; the Mr. Hyde thing.
Look, I'm trying to tie together some loose ends, so help me out, all right? I appreciate your help. I do. You got rid of your Chevy van. You got yourself a wife. Does she know you dated the first victim? Your return to the campus coincided with the murder of the fourth victim? And Kaitlin Rackish was in your evening classes? You see what I got?
Your Buddy Mathers didn't talk much, either, and look what happened to him. He's at the wrong end of a cold needle.
No. I wouldn't have a clue.
Why don't you just confess?
Who'd you find?
Fits our profile.
Where's Kevin Greer?
Time for evening classes to let out.
Look, we'd like to talk to Kevin Greer. You have any idea where he is?
How many people work here?
Okay, we need to look around.
Kevin Greer, Las Vegas police!  Hit it.
Were you having a good time?
John Mathers.
Soul mates.
But you let him take the fall.
Death.
Yeah, okay.
Bobbie, pat him down.
Mr. Greer, let's go. Come on.
Mr. Greer? Where is he, in there?
Come on, Mr. Greer, let's go!
Damn it! 
Get a paramedic!
Get an EMT in here!
Hey, Gil ... hey, Sofie. Sorry to drag you away from the chicken cordon bleu. It's the McKinley High homecoming. The dance is downstairs, but the cool kids' party is in here.
We're running down the VIP host -- see who's got it tonight.
Okay, paramedics pronounced, left the scene undisturbed. Name is Nicole Jensen, 17. Coroner's en route. I'm gonna talk to the MTV generation.
Okay ... so I talked to the VIP host. The room was checked out to Charlie Macklin.
Yeah, it's for his daughter, Janelle. She's having an after party with her and her friends.
Best laid plans.
You know, I don't know. We haven't seen her yet. We're still looking. 
I got it, Miranda. I get the picture. I know what it means.
So, uh, you tight with Nikki?
How would you know that?
Yeah, sure, yeah.
Tony 'The Ant' Spilotro.
Oh, yeah?
Let's go.
We know you're dealing drugs. Nikki Jensen's dead because of you.
Hey, Rex.
No, no, it's 'Rex,' you know, as in Rx. I guess it's a lot more subtle than 'drugstore,' right?
Hey, you better save that position for later, brother. You're gonna need it, where you're going.
Oh, yeah.
There's a song about that, I think.
Here you go.
Did you have s*x with her?
So how did Nikki end up dead?
Well, that's for the DA to decide. Why try to hide the kidnapping?
Thread's from your tux, kid. Nothing's going to change that. So the DA's offered you immunity in Nicole Jensen's death for your full cooperation in the kidnapping of Janelle Macklin. Let's hear it.
Go ahead.
So she paid you to kidnap her?
Oh, so you did it out of the goodness of your own heart.
Even if it involved several felonies?
Like kidnapping?
Who's your partner? Look, counselor, you better educate your client on the meaning of full cooperation.
Try me.
No, but kidnapping is.
Where's Janelle?
When's the last time you saw her?
State trooper reported the car.
Who wants to tell Mr. Macklin?
You should let us answer that question.
Sunset Road. Near McCarran.
How do you do?
That's what we're trying to do.
Can you account for your whereabouts in the last six hours?
Look, we have a witness who saw Janelle Macklin get into a town car near the Hard Rock earlier this evening.
That's why we impounded your vehicle.
Found Janelle's bracelet in your car.  What do you think something like this is worth? Hundred G's at least. Huh? Enough maybe to help ease the pain?
But then what, you decided maybe it'd be more fun to tie her up, let her choke to death in the trunk of her own car?
Maybe you did.
You sure about that?
You saying she committed suicide?
How were they?
Rough duty.
So you had speeding, driving without a license, possible stolen vehicle, and you let her off with a warning.
She got off pretty easy. How about you?
Well, I'm sure that she resented being sexually harassed and slaughtered two miles from the place you pulled her over!
You know, you have a sexual harassment flag in your file.
I mean, you know, if ... if I found out that the gal who was stripping my gears was a guy, I mean, I'd be mad, too.
Or maybe you prefer a stick.
You're on administrative duty until we confirm that. You mind submitting your DNA?
How long had you known each other?
Would that be Walter?
Sort of.
She had her period?
So a guy desperate to change his s*x hooks up with a guy desperate not to have any.
Lepidro. What kind of name is that?
Love hurts.
Dr. Lavalle?
Okay, Francis. I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. This is Gil Grissom from the crime lab.
Wendy Garner.
She was a patient.
Like Wendy Garner?
When was the last time you saw her?
How did she seem?
So he didn't know?
Hey.
So I, uh ... I talked to the manager. All he said was, the renter paid cash, he was a guy, he seemed normal.
Boy, you must get pretty jet-lagged flying back and forth to Bulgaria. Or is it Romania ... Karl?
Yeah, like three days ago, when you killed Vern Saldusky at the E-Z Access Storage Unit? That's a hell of a place for an operating room. I mean, why not go all the way and use the men's room at the bus station?
Can't get any calmer than dead.
Is that how your fingerprint ended up on a three-day-old v*g1n*? Counseling?
How many Vern's have there been?
She saw you with Vern. So you killed her, so she wouldn't expose you.
Doctor, help me understand something. Wendy videotaped the storage area, threatening to expose your wife's 'good work' because your wife was threatening to tell Wendy's fiancee that she's not what she appears to be. 
But the three of you were still getting it on.
Now we know that post-ops can't ejaculate. So the only way I can explain the semen in Wendy's mouth is your wife is still packing.
Is that why you hacked out Wendy's Adam's apple? Love and honor? You went back to the storage area to get rid of Vern's body. You saw Wendy leaving.
Hey. We gotta talk. Ecklie's used his hot line to the Sheriff. The whole department knows about the inquiry.
Yeah, well, I want to give you a heads-up, 'cause here's how it's gonna break down: In order to appear objective, Ecklie's gonna follow Sofia's recommendations. The problem is, she's Acting Supervisor of days, so she needs Ecklie to sign off to keep her gig. And you think she'll say whatever Ecklie wants. Yeah. And this isn't just about the Garbett case. He's looking into your whole team. And your ability to lead them.
I hate to tell you, but when it comes to politics, he whips your ass. So watch your back; it's gonna get ugly.
So did a background check on Keith Garbett. He has no record. Moved to California two years before the murder. He opened a veterinary practice in Encino.
Didn't I just say that?
Well, now it does.
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas police. We'd like to ask you a couple questions.
You ever been to Club PCH?
I thought that went well.
Don't need a warrant.
We got two victims. We think the girl is Selena March. She owns the trailer.
Nothing yet.
I'm just having a little trouble understanding this because you all live so close together. You mean none of you saw the explosion?
Well, good.
Where do you live?
Uh-huh.  All right, let me get this straight -- you heard a blast like that coming from your neighbor's and it took you five minutes to poke your head out and see what was going on?
No, hang around, hang around. Hey, hang around.
Now why would you ask that? Was Selena a hooker?
Alone?
Alone?
What was your friend's name?
Why not?
Looks like the only person in this thing who isn't married is the dead girl in the trailer with your husband.
You didn't know he was having an affair?
You have a '96 blue Ford Ranger. We're going to need to take a look at it.
A wild guess: You have no idea how to reach him.
Let me tell you a story. Once upon a time, you follow your husband to a trailer park. You see him slumming with his little trailer bunny. You waited for him to come out ... 
When she pulls the body back in, before she can call for help, you torch the place. Kaboom. 
The end.
Wouldn't even make my top ten.
So that's when the bereaved Mrs. Durgee lawyered up. Broadcast out on her truck, and the warrant's ready to go.
Surprise.
Boy, that was quick.
I'll put out another broadcast.
So I pulled all the ROs from all the '97 blue Sunfires in Nevada; one name and address just jumped out ...
Randy Swansiger. Las Vegas police! Come on out, Randy.
Walk out slowly, Randy.
I'm Detective Jim Brass. Remember me?
You got a couple of DWIs on your record. What have you got to say for yourself, Randy?
Jesse Matthews, six years old.
Yeah, it's the only one the mom had. She said one minute, he's on the swing, the next minute he's gone.
Well, the search radius is over a mile -- no sign of the boy.
The father is, um ... Army Sergeant, uh ...  ... Dwight Matthews. Killed in Afghanistan four years ago.
No, her parents are dead and her husband's parents -- she lost communication with them since he died.
Mrs. Matthews ... this is Gil Grissom and Warrick Brown from the Crime Lab.
Mrs. Matthews, there's really nothing more you can do here. Why don't you let us give you a ride home?
Here, ma'am. Look at this picture. Do you remember this boy? It's not a recent photo.
Sure. I understand.
What'd he look like?
Did he seem interested in one of the kids?
Okay ... thank you. Thank you very much.
Mrs. Matthews ...  I know this is difficult for you, but I have to ask you again -- do you remember seeing anyone hanging around near the swings? Anyone. Maybe, maybe a man in a blue baseball cap?
Can you describe him?
... white ... 
Six feet. Great.
We don't know.
Yeah. Every mother's worst nightmare.
I checked her answering machine: No calls.
She won't sleep.  Okay, Greg, let's do a little legwork, what do you say? You take this side of the street; I'll take the other -- find out if anybody's seen anything suspicious.
Yes, sir. Marine Corps.
You know, we're here to talk about your family, not mine.
Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.
It's. Uh ... down the hall to the right, through the door.
Colonel?
She's in the ladies' room. It's okay. Do you get these uh ... these spells often? There's some memory loss?
That's a tough one.
We'll do our best, sir. We'll do our very best.
All right. Let's go.
Las Vegas police. You're under arrest.
Yeah. You did good.
It's all right, son. You're safe now ..
That's Victor and Valerie Esposito. Transplants from Jersey. Check this out. 
It was with Mrs. Esposito's personal belongings at booking.
King Solomon threatened to cut the baby in half. What are you going to do?
Karen Matthews.
I'm afraid not. No. The DNA confirms the boy's not your child.
Your actions regarding the Espositos constitutes stalking and possible kidnapping. Please go with this officer.
Ma'am ...
Yeah. English, please?
Well, that's interesting, because a warrant came through on Karen Matthews' medical records, and after her son was born, Karen was treated for postpartum psychosis, which her doctors treated by prescribing olanzapine.
But then she digs him up. Why?
So, where's Jesse's body?
You know, as long as I do this job, I can never understand ... 
... how a mother can kill her child.
Well, it's still murder.
So an anonymous call came into metro about an hour ago.  Investigating officer found the dead body. The coroner's inside.
The, uh ... the door was open. Unlocked.
So the house is owned by the decedent, Hayden Bradford. Neighbor says he lives alone.
Nope. But as you can see our dead guy is ... I guess you could say he's hirsute.
Okay, Ahren Green, 29 years old, lives here with Bianca Desmond, that's the brunette. The blonde is Chelsea Wannamaker. She was just spending the night. One was asleep, one was in the bathroom. They said Ahren was probably working on his bike.
You know, you could put some clothes on if you want, if you're cold.
How long have you known Ahren?
Did, uh, did he have any enemies that you know of?
You don't know ... I mean, you two lived together right?
I see.
What, just pick up and leave all this?
Did Ahren have a job?
Right. You said that.
And you, what about you? What do you do? 
Mm-hm. What's the matter?
What do you mean?
Drai's, that's a good place to end. So what are you on besides meth?
Uh-huh.
Ecstasy.
Well, the dead guy from the garage might beg to differ.
What, you getting homesick for the train tracks behind Union Plaza already? Bianca Desmond.
How long ago was that?
So it wouldn't bother you to know Bianca's moved on, and she's living with another guy.
That's funny?
When was that?
Did you report it?
You go to the hospital?
Hey, Tom Harper? Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. May I ask you a couple questions? Do you know a Bianca Desmond?
You know she's at 1330 Wildflower Lane.
So you've got that hard hat/tool belt thing working for you, huh?
Yeah, I kind of remember. Anyway, we found a tool with your prints on it in a garage, next to a dead guy.
Well, we're going to need to confirm that. Could you get me a work order?
Look, I know what it's like to want to kill your daughter's boyfriend.
Yeah, but you didn't want them to move away together.
Your wife doesn't seem to mind your lifestyle.
Do you know what they're doing?
They're sleeping with the same man.
You the kind of guy that likes to keep guns in the house?
I'm going to need to see them.
Tom Harper! Come on down!
You made me find you twice, Tom. That's a drag.
You know, I think you saw Bianca in her panties more than once.
You know, it's fill in the blank. If it walks like a stalker, talks like a stalker ...
Then what's this? Excellent service? Here's the top of the telephone pole near Bianca's house.
Ahren was tapping your girl, so you started tapping her phone.
Look, her father called her at 7:00 A.M. New York time, that's 4:00 in the morning in Vegas. You had to be on the pole to hear it because we were on the scene an hour later.
With you and no one else.
Oh, like you did with Justin?
Yeah, but Bianca didn't come running back to you, so I guess you had to scare her, too.
Wait a minute. Are you telling me that Chelsea asked you to hurt these guys?
Coincidentally, right around the time Justin was shot and Ahren was killed. We call that 'solicitation for murder.'
Yeah, but Ahren didn't love her for her money. What was wrong with him?
I mean, finding a soul mate is hard enough, but competing with your mother, that shouldn't be an issue. That goes against ... I don't know, nature.
Lois O'Neill's bedroom ... the stuff dreams are made of.
We don't know where she is. She disappeared about an hour ago. Her assistant went looking for her, found the victim. ID'd him as Tim Duke.
Well, back in the day, Lois O'Neill was famous for singing and dancing. She was also famous for being the girlfriend of Tony Constantine, one of the founding fathers of Vegas. 
No, it hasn't been cleared yet. I'll go get the combination.
Gentlemen, this is Eve Girard, Miss O'Neill's assistant. Would you open the vault, please?
I'll be downstairs.
In the middle of the party, you went upstairs to change. Isn't that unusual?
So, uh, Tim Duke, the waiter ... did you know him before this?
Right.
The pipe was in your possession. Plus, you were displaying symptoms of crack use publicly.
And now you admitted to leaving the ballroom after Ms. O'Neill.
Which is how you scraped your knees.
I already had my birthday.
No, we're all set.
We need to ask you some questions.
Yeah, we've met. Isn't that right, Bob?
One of your guys take the crime scene tape down?
Miss O'Neill, Las Vegas Police.
Miss O'Neill?
Tim Duke? Also known as Vincent Pullone?
Yesterday afternoon, Lois O'Neill wired $250,000 to your sister in Sarasota. Now you were Tony C's driver. The only one he trusted to bodyguard Miss O'Neill. You took care of her right until the end.
My guess is she wired you the money, but being a friend you refused. So she sent it to your sister instead.
Her name is Ally Sullivan. She's the registered owner. Patrol unit investigating the wreck found the body. So far, we have nothing on the other car.
Four blocks north. We've been pulling bodies out of this neighborhood twice a month, it seems like.
Yeah. Well, it's a cold night. I'm going to get you some coffee and donuts.
She liked nightclubs?
Hello, rapist.
So you miss the action of the good old days, huh?
What's it like?
You want to tell me what your fingerprints are doing on a cup in a dead girl's car?
So that's what you were doing on Harmon Road?
You were close?
Were you banging her?
So, what, are you like, pen pals? Girlfriends? What?
Yeah. I know what text messaging is.
I'll tell you what I want. I want you to write down exactly where you were last night and when. Think you can handle that?
Shut up and write.
So, you drive route 107 southbound during the week, is that right? 
Now, is there any chance, any chance at all, that you remember this guy? I know it's not the best picture.
Oh, you know, you get hundreds of people on and off your bus every day. We got to be sure -- are you sure you remember him?
Well, you know, actually 'Speed', it ... it wasn't hijacked, it was wired to explode.
Well, all right. What exactly do you remember about him?
So I guess you remember where you picked him up, then?
Janice Cooper?
We're looking for your husband.
Don't take it personally, but I'm not going to take your word for that.
Please step outside with the child. It's for your own safety.
Really? Well, that's too bad. She hardly even knows me.
Definitely. Let's all be nice.
Where's Karl?
All right. Here's the way it is. You're going to jail, she's going to Child Services. End of story.
Well, maybe that's your lawyer now.
I'll take that phone.
Guy was on his way to a landscaping job in Palm Springs. Saw a body sticking out of the sand.
Well, Jesus fasted in the desert.
Maybe her dome was shaved 'cause she spent time in the pen.
The only wild animal was the one who left her out here.
... Dust in the wind.
Emaciated, bald, and numbered. What does that remind you of?
I know it's tough, but we're going to need you to identify the body.
Someone from the coroner's office will get in touch with you.
Sure, I'll do my best.
Thanks for coming in.
The, uh ... 
The Jane Doe is Zoe Kessler. Her mother saw her picture on the news and identified her as her estranged daughter. I did a DMV check, and I have the victim's last known address.
There's something you should know. The mother's a friend of yours.
Lady Heather.
Apartment 106.
The landlord was getting ready to evict her.
Nothing sounds good in German.
Practice, practice, practice.
She died yesterday. Where's she been all this time?
Yeah. I'll check it out.
The pirate had one blue eye.
We know the woman who broke into your house, and you don't want to press charges?
You don't want us to look around, see if anything else was stolen?
How long have you worked at Betz?
Eighteen years. Oh. But that's a long way from your home to your office, isn't it?
The seat's wet.
You mean this guy's been down here in the parking lot dead all that time and no one noticed? That's weird.
Wolfowitz inherited this place from his parents. Took over the deed about ten years ago.
Sampling the company candy.
Jewish?
So I guess, uh, what nature couldn't fix, our Dr. Mengele could, is that it?
I'll call a paramedic.
So how long have you known each other?
I mean, there was a dead man in your chimney. Didn't you notice anything when you lit the fireplace?
The doorknob, the frame, the strike plate are all clean. No sign of a forced entry.
Hey, hey, hey. Stay behind the crime tape.
Hey, how's it going? 
According to your supervisor, you were doing maintenance work on the
What were you fixing at 5:00 in the morning?
Uh-huh.
You know, the security guy didn't see you on his camera. Why is that?
You got a master key to all the apartments?
You ever fix anything for Christina Hollis?
You're running a little low on duct tape, my man.
What'd he blow?
That's almost enough to wash away your sins.
No, no, let's not wait, let's move on this. I think we got a chance. Look, why don't you come in there with me, huh? Maybe pop a few buttons?
No, seriously. See how he reacts.
Yeah, maybe, something like that.
It's worth a try. What do you think, huh?
How's it going?
Did you know a Christina Hollis?
You seen her recently?
Then how come we found your prints on some flowers at her place?
You had a key?
Oh, come on, what really happened, huh? You went over to move some stuff, and she wasn't in the mood, is that it?
You're lying! We found the flowers inside her apartment in the trash, and you didn't use the elevator to leave.
And you were there.
Yeah, right.
These guys eat well -
What are you talking about?
Were you on the scene?
Where was the woman who died?
Which of your guys were up on the 11th floor at the Omni?
A woman was raped last night.
No. I'm not saying that, but we found some evidence that a fireman was near her bed.
No, no, no. Settle down, settle down...
Aw, come on, Sparky ...
Tara Weathers? I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. This is Catherine Willows from the Crime Lab.
Well, we're here to ask you about the incident you reported to the police last month.
Yeah, the nail polish thing.
The guy who drugged you is a rapist and a murderer, and we're looking to stop him before he does it again.
Now he has a foot fetish. He's into feet. Is there any way that he could've ... seen your feet?
Do you go to a gym?
Las Vegas Police. Open up, we have a warrant. Open up, police. 
Open it.
Perfect view of Tara's balcony.
Hey, check this out. God bless the Internet.
Fireman's air tank case.
Where's the tank?
Yeah, this is Brass. I want to put a broadcast out on Richard McQueen. That's M-C-Q-U-E-E-N.
Las Vegas PD!
Las Vegas PD! Break it up! Break it up!
What the hell's going on here?
Get him out of here.
Yeah, we got a confession. He didn't choose women's feet, women's feet chose him. He lit candles, he played music, he thought he was on a date. 
Oh, yeah. Oh, sure. His mother was a hooker, she put him under the bed when she did her business, her feet dangled over the edge of the bed. He watched her feet;they were perfect. You know, I don't know if it's true.
I don't know, I guess he wanted to be a fireman when he grew up. Didn't you? Look, juries love explanations; they want it nice and neat. They don't want to know we live in a random world; they want meaning. It's that simple.
What do you want me to tell you, that I go home, I get drunk, I go to a bar, I stay out all night, I don't sleep ... huh? That's not the truth. You know what happens? I take care of myself; I sleep very well. 
Uh, yeah. Oh, is this ... is that ... oh, is this what this is about? Who've you been talking to, huh? What, you come here with your camera and you roll a little film and ... what, you think you know what it's like to be a cop? You? You're all done. You're all done with this. Get out of here.
Say hello to Anna Leah and Lori. You may remember them. A few years ago they stole a car and found a severed head in the trunk.
Well, now they found a dead psychic, Sedona Wiley, in the occult shop.
This officer will take you downtown to take your statement, okay?
The state has a law that murder committed during the commission of a felony buys you the death penalty. Do you understand that?
You been to any occult shops lately?
You don't know that she's dead?
Start explaining.
So you're a soy-burger-making, vegetarian delivery boy, hmm?
Give yourself a tip?
Was it your day off?
I thought you didn't like meat?
You want some music?
Packey. 
What are you doing here? Aren't you retired?
Business? I thought your only business was playing golf.
Why? What's the interest? You looking to make a bet?
So you're still hunting the white whale, huh?
So you talked to a psychic.
Too bad she didn't give you an address.
No, hey, come on, Packey. Come on, come on. Sit down. Sit down.
So you think Wallace killed her because ...
Did he know her?
Did you tell him her name?
Well, if he didn't know who she was ...
Gil, I need a favor.
Yeah, Packey, said he got a rise out of him.
So, old Packey has been punching holes in the wrong part of the desert all these years, huh?
Did you get a hit?
Well, what do you know?
Yeah, Packey said he went there to get a reading.
Come on. Why would Packey want to kill Sedona?
Oh, come on, Packey, you know how this works. I'm just trying to put the pieces together.
Okay ...
So you were only in the back of the shop?
Somebody trashed the place, and we found your prints, on the pieces of broken glass.
No, but I want to know what your prints are doing on those glass jars.
Oh ... I don't know, Packey, that's a stretch.
How's it going, Gordon? This is Gil Grissom from the Crime Lab. So, Gordon, where were you the night before last between six-thirty and ten?
What? That's funny?
Um, Miss Raines, were you at the Sixth Sense Occult Shop earlier this week?
Uh-huh. Did, uh, did Gordie go inside the shop with you?
Maybe we can get a warrant and match the glass in Wallace's shoe to the glass we found at the scene, and then tie him to the murder.
You know, maybe Packey was right -- maybe Wallace did kill that psychic.
Yeah, but even with a cause of death of blunt force trauma, we still don't have enough to arrest him.
Well, it's like a Chinese puzzle. She knew who Wallace was, but Wallace didn't know her.
So maybe she hit up Wallace, too.
That's Wallace's company.
She was reaching out to him.
Upping the ante, maybe.
So she was shaking him down when he went in the store to shake her up. You know, Wallace said it was the singer's idea to go in there, not his.
You know, the girls said something curious -- the two that found the body. I didn't think it was important at the time. When they left the store, a car almost ran them down.
Do you remember anything about the vehicle? Was it a car, a truck, SUV?
What color was it?
She's a good witness who places your car outside the shop on the night of the murder.
You know, Packey, you've been waiting a long time for this. Why don't you take him down?
Las Vegas Police! Put the gun down!
Put it down.
His name is Keo Vipraxay. He barely speaks English. He's south Asian, I think. Anyway, it's all clear.
So Samay Thao worked for you?
When was the last time you saw him?
Did you know, uh, Noy or Keo Vipraxay?
They brothers or cousins, or what?
Were they friends of Samay's?
The kind where you stop breathing. Noy's dead -- car accident. Samay's dead, too -- Keo shot him.
You speak Lao?
Yeah, I know how you feel.
No, we're, uh, we're still waiting on an interpreter.
Yeah, maybe ... maybe I'll take you up on that.
We believe that Samay Thao killed your brother and tried to make it look like an accident.
Did you know about it?
He's not a court-approved translator. That's why I taped it. I just didn't tell him.
So our interpreter is hiding something.
Mr. Cavanaugh, can you come out here, please?
We're going to have a private chat. Let's go.
In the interview, remember Keo said, 'There are many things I can tell them about you'? You didn't tell me that. You left that part out. Why?
You're a co-beneficiary of Noy Vipraxay's life insurance, right?
Oh, what, what? Out of the goodness of your heart? Come on, they have to come to you.
So when one of your guys kills another one of your guys, you make money out of it? We both know that insurance companies don't even investigate claims under ten grand. So you get a free pass.
I've seen it done for a lot less.
Your brother gets killed. You killed the guy who did it with a shotgun you just bought. And end up $5,000 ahead.
In Nevada, that's murder one. Twenty years to life. Unless you get the death sentence.
A full confession. We make a recommendation to the DA; maybe he gets murder two.
What?
Looks like somebody had some late-night target practice. Three Boy Does. No IDs. Nobody saw anything.
Well, the only ones who did thought it was the fireworks show at the Wynn. Good luck.
You want to tell me what your car was doing at the scene of a triple homicide two nights ago?
So you borrowed it two nights ago?
I'm happy for you, man. So, what, are you pinning this rap on Grandpa?
Yeah, I'm really not surprised by much anymore. We have a warrant to search your house ... and I bet I find a crime to go with every gun.
Hey, slick.
Parole officer didn't bring us here, cousin. A poster did.
Just like my ex-wife.
Yeah, well, everybody goes nuts. Any idea who ordered up the poster?
One of these?
How did he pay?
I'm afraid we're going to deplete your wall of fame -- that posters coming with us.
Well, that's too bad 'cause we're conducing a murder investigation.
Las Vegas Police. Open up.
Would you open the door, please?
Thank you.
Yeah. Don't kid yourself. He's getting pimped in that video, too.
But - but -- We haven't even checked under the bed yet.
You know, for a concierge, you're not really very helpful.
So what kind of car did he drive?
There it is right there.
Range Rover. It's the only one with 22-inch rims; it's got to be.
What's that? Open this up.
You're outside your hotel, sir.
He's got a point.
Three teenagers were killed on Convention Center Drive. They were shot down putting up posters of you.
I know. I like the album cover.
Like you said, they're all over town.
So what's the story with the video?
What'd the guy look like?
Anyone following you at the time?
So, why would somebody want to do this to you?
Give us some names.
I'm here for Drops.  Hang up.
No kidding? Where's your street team?
They're murder suspects.
You didn't do anything about it?
Where did Morris get the gun?
Where is it now?
Pro style.
Looks like you and your buddy are gonna get broken apart and thrown away, too. 
Guess not.
So you obviously know Dollar. You know, your brother has been arrested for felony kidnapping and assault and accessory to murder. Now if there's anything that you know that can help us understand his motivation, now's the time to tell us, okay?
Incoming.
Well, it could've been worse.
For how long?
What kind of truck?
Did you have an alarm?
Are you sure it was locked?
Okay. I'll follow up. I mean there's about a dozen places to hide a tracking system on a car. I'm sure the Fatellis know 'em all.
The Fatellis are on our radar.
I talked to the feds. They're checking the call logs, visitors' logs.
See, that's the problem with being a deadbeat dad. If you're not around for the bad times, they don't want you around for the good times.
Let's just cut right through the lie-and-deny part of the chat, and I'll tell you what I know.
What, he wasn't invited?
So you do or you don't have a drug problem.
Did you have an altercation with her at the wedding?
So you didn't kill her?
So that was a good call on the bride's brother, Mikey Shoemaker. He had a prior conviction for car theft.
In one of the paint bays of his auto body shop, right next to a delivery truck. We're looking for Mikey now.
Maybe he wasn't acting alone.  Hey, pip. How you like your new ride?
A truck driver making a delivery found him.
Well, they do make the man.
There's at least a half a dozen of these high-end pool halls in Vegas. The word on the street is a lot of out-of-town money comes through here.
Hey, buddy, how's it going? Have these two been in lately?
It wasn't so dark you couldn't count your vig from that game over there. 
So, if we asked everyone in here, no one would say that you're taking a piece of the action?
Sure. Knock yourself out.
So, I guess your eyes do get used to the dark.
You know, I don't see that license anywhere. Look, here's what we're going to do. Get on the phone. Call Heidi. Tell her a distinguished gentleman has just come in with a large wad of cash looking for some action. That'd be me.
Heidi Wolff? How you doing? I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. Can I talk to you for a minute?
Do you know this guy?
Oh, I know you do. You want to tell me how he turned up dead?
So you spent the night with Jeff Powell.
Oh. He left you?
Is that what you call fun? Rolling a guy, taking his money?
Heidi, Heidi, ho. Look, we know Jeff was waving around a large wedge of cash. And the money was gone when we found him. You're an expensive date, Heidi.
We checked the hotel sheets.
No.
You gave him drugs. Is that against the law? Yeah. Look, here's the way I see it breaking down. You left the room nine minutes after he did. You went downstairs. You checked with your partner. You killed the kid, you took the cash, end of story.
You want something to drink?
Oh, right, he used to be an actor.
What was Jeff doing Las Vegas?
You give him any cash?
No kidding. Well, there's always a first for everything. 
We can talk in here.
No.
You seem to have bad luck with the people who work for you.
Three years ago, you were busted with an eight ball of cocaine in your luggage. You claimed that your personal assistant had planted it.
I hear you bought him a car to shut him up and take the rap.
The media. We found an ounce of cocaine in Jeff Powell's personal effects. He was buying drugs for you.
Last time, you bought a car, this time, an elaborate fantasy to shut him up. The problem is, he's dead. And that makes you responsible.
Where's the negotiator?
Well, I'm here now.
Well, I guess this is the place.
Just another domestic violence case. I wish I had a nickel -- 
Janice Cutler. Shot in the mouth.
Single boy's the only smart one.
Well, there was no car in the garage. We can broadcast out for him.
Nothing obvious.
Good call on the grass stains. Police officers brought in your guy. He was mowing a lawn down the street.
Well ...  Wait till you see him.
Mr. Johnson? It's Timmy, right?  This is Sara Sidle from the Crime Lab.
We?
So you still live at home?
Did Mr. or Mrs. Cutler ever invite you in their house?
You had s*x with her?
You hear a gunshot?
So Mrs. Cutler was still alive when you left the house?
Geez, you lose your wife, your boss, your co-worker, all in 24 hours; that's rough. My heart goes out to you, pal. Really. Looks like someone's out to get you.
Well, the way I see it, somebody's out to kill you and a lot of innocent people are getting in the way.
Yeah. Who'd want to kill you?
Yeah, that's ... that's a pretty good theory. Want to hear another one?
Well, this one starts with your wife banging the lawn boy.
Timmy. What, you didn't know?
Really? 'Cause according to Timmy, you found him in the bedroom and you dragged him out of the closet.
Oh, yeah, that's right. That's right. You were on the love boat with Sally the Hooker.
Hey.
I guess that makes you a premature celebrator. Tell me about that work-promotion thing. Why were you passed up?
Yeah, no, I've-I've read your record. I mean, it's minor league. I mean, like, joyriding at 19.
Oh, believe me, I know. Look, here's what we got here. Cowboy Dan is dead. The guy who got your promotion is dead. It seems to me, that the one with the most motive to kill in this sad tale... is you.
Well ... you know ... kinda. Look.
Last night you wired 50-k from your home equity account to a marker at The Lucky Dragon.
So, I mean, it wasn't for Chinese food. So maybe you hired a professional killer to hit your wife, your boss, your co-worker.
Told them to take a little, you know, love bite out of you to, you know, make you look nice and innocent, you know?
But we're not done here, Willie.
Well, I pushed the guy as hard as I could, but there's a lot of media heat on this one. I had to cut him loose.
Well, that's what I told the unit who's shadowing him.
So, Willie Cutler had an older brother, Sammy. Sammy did time in Chino for grand theft auto.
Yeah, the same incident. See, Willie was a first-time offender, so he pled out. But Sammy had a record, so the judge gave him a hard time. So he got in trouble on the inside. He did an extended sentence. He got out six months ago. I got a fax from the cab company I want to show you.
Check it out. 
They get called out to that office park where the shooting took place. Driver said the fare was a no-show.
Hmm. I sent a unit out to look for Sammy.
Well, if Sammy was trying to get even, why did Willie keep quiet about it?
Brass.
Willie got loose. He slipped our surveillance. What's up?
That would explain what Sammy was doing at The Lucky Dragon. Willie lost a lot of money there. So either he did it, or he's covering for his brother.
This is a radio check. Do you read me?
Copy that? 
The kill word is 'Jim.'
Hey, Willie. It's me, uh, Jim Brass. Remember me? Guess what? I'm right outside your door.
Look, I understand. I understand, Willie, I do. Look, I just ... I just want this to end peacefully. For everybody.
Oh, I don't want you to come out, Willie. I want you to let me in. Look, I'm not armed. 
Look through the peephole.
Just to talk to you, Willie. I mean, you're a smart guy, I think maybe you and I, we can figure a way out of this. Come on, check me out. Okay, look, I'm going to put the phone down now, so you can see me, okay?
Look ... no gun.
Hey, Willie. It's me. I'm alone, and I'm unarmed. 
Look ... nobody's going to die, Willie. Not you, not her, not me, not Sammy, not anyone.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure about that.
Okay, I can arrange that. We have him in custody downstairs.
Hey, you got the gun. I'm not ... I wouldn't lie to you. But I need you to do something for me. I need you to let this woman go, and I'll dial up your brother downstairs.
He's in the holding room, which is in the basement of the casino.
Look, I'm just trying to help you too, Willie. So, point the gun at me, not at her, and let this nice young woman go, come on.
Point the gun at me, Willie.
Yeah, I'm gonna call ... hold on.
Hold on.
This is Brass. Look, I need you to get Samuel Cutler on the phone. I'm here with his brother, Willie, and he'd like to talk to him. So, could you go down to the holding room and get Samuel Cutler on the line and call me back?
Yes, I'm with him, and he'd like to speak with his brother.
How much time?
Okay, okay, okay. Look, look. I need you to get Samuel Cutler up here as soon as possible.
Thank you. 
He'll be here. Okay? Now, I just want you to point the gun at me. 
That's good. Not at her. That's it-- cause it's just you and me now, all right? I'm the hostage, all right?
What's your name?
Jackie. It's going to be okay, Jackie. It's going to be okay, Willie. It's just you and me now. This is all going to be over soon.
So now you're five large in the hole, hmm?
What happened when you got home?
Why didn't you call the cops?
But she hasn't wronged you. Jackie hasn't done anything to hurt you. So why would you want to hurt her? Let's cut her loose.
That's right, Willie. You don't want to hurt anybody. You kill somebody, even by accident, you can never take it back. People never look at you the same again. And you know what? You can't look at yourself the same way again, either.
Mm.
Well ...
Just the phone. Just the phone.
Take it easy.  Yeah.
I got it, yeah. Thanks.  Hey, Willie. Sammy's not coming up. But I guess we both know that, right?
Jim! 
I envy these parents who live in ignorant bliss because ... 
... I know how my daughter Ellie lives. I know the company she keeps and I know what she does to get by. And ...  ... anyway, I mean, I'm ... I'm ... a couple of nights ago I'm in LA and sitting in my car on Hollywood Boulevard watching her work a corner and my eyes are playing tricks on me because I don't see what she's doing, I see what she was. I see a little six year-old girl with a ponytail, playing with crayons ... singing a little tune to herself. It's ... I don't know, all I want to do is save her. 
But the thing is, you know, if something happened to me ... I don't think Ellie would, uh ... care. 
So I'm asking you to do me this favor. There's no one I trust more with my life, or my death ... than you.
Hey.
Thanks for not pulling the plug.
There was an emergency call-out; the paramedics responded. They found Mrs. Lester on the back stairs. They pronounced at 12:16 a.m.
That's Ray Lester, the vic's husband.
No, uh, that's his wife's blood. He said he checked to see if she was still alive and he held her until the paramedics came.
You never met my ex.
Which one?
Well, if you ever want to go back, it's on me.
I'll take a statement from the husband and the paramedics; see if she was moved.
You didn't just get back from one of those coroner's conferences, did you?
So, you and your wife went to Piero's for dinner, got home around 10:00, got out the tequila. Then what?
Your daughter?
What did you do after that?
Now, is there any reason you can think of why your wife would be using the back stairs?
You never mentioned anything about the bedroom.
I'll close my eyes, if you're shy.
Okay, the husband says he fell asleep, he woke up his wife was dead.
Yeah, I'm sure he's gonna say something like that. Anyway, there's a daughter. She spent the night at her grandfather's, who lives a few blocks away. I'm gonna check it out.
Well, her body's with the coroner, sir. There will be an autopsy as a part of our investigation.
Yeah, um, if you don't mind, I'd like to ask you both a few questions.
When was the last time either of you saw her?
And that's the last time you spoke with her.
What did you talk about?
Well ... 
Uh, yeah, okay. Thank you. Thank you, Susan.
That's right.
Well, now I am.
But you don't think so?
So how would you, uh, how would you characterize your daughter's marriage?
Yeah. Mr. Stein, does your son-in-law have a temper?
You just did.
Hey, ready for a quiz? Guess how Ray's first wife died?
No, these are medical records. There was no autopsy. Jackie Lester had a heart condition. Three weeks before she died, she was admitted to a hospital with vertigo. She ignored the doctor's warnings, didn't take her medication. Family physician pronounced it a stroke.
Judge Witherspoon is issuing a court order for exhumation. Now, look, I just came from the DA. I gotta tell you, he's already made up his mind. Husband and wife, home alone, all that blood, shaky alibi. Plus, he says, 'He just looks guilty.'
You know, I'm just a messenger. What do you think the chances are he didn't do it?
Dr. Cohen, where were you last night?
Ma'am, we're here to talk about your relationship with Ray Lester.
If you say so.
Ray.
Was he violent?
Otherwise, they'd share your biting secret with your wife.
I mean, you're covered in those bite marks. Didn't your wife ever ask where they came from?
You still have the blackmail note?
Mr. Stein, where's Susan?
We have a warrant to search your house.
Would you both please step outside with this officer?
Well, uh ... 
Why don't we take a ride downtown. You can call him from there.
Nice work.
Excuse me for a minute.
Protect who, Susan?
Protect your father? Protect your father from what?
So that's why you killed your stepmother--to protect your father.
Explain that to me.
So you waited for your granddad to go to sleep and you snuck out of the house, snuck back into your house then you called your stepmom from your dad's telephone line. Pretty tricky. And then, you must've ... hid somewhere.
Almost. We're almost done. You know, Susan, there was a bloody paper towel left in the trash. Can you tell me about that?
Where was your father when you killed your stepmother?
It's Tucker, their dog. He was found dead with his tongue hanging out. I guess they must've slipped it something.
The homeowner said that nothing was missing in the house but food.
Yeah, the husband says they were dirty, you know, like filthy, like they hadn't showered in months. Didn't know if there were five or fifty of them. Where is he?
Hmm. So, uh, is this part of the investigation?
So dump the body, raid the refrigerator.
Well, it's no secret how they got in.
Whoa. Looks like somebody had a super bowl party in here.
Catherine, where the hell are you guys?
Hello, Catherine.
I'm losing ... 
Does Ty work here full time?
Was he a member of any religious organizations that you know of?
Yeah. So the last time you saw him was two days ago?
Would that customer's information still be in the computer?
Do you know the person in this photo?
One way.
The FBI keeps tabs on high-risk groups, cults, religious fanatics. They were good enough to fax this over. Makes good reading.
Yeah, he founded a group called 'Soul Survivors' in Tulsa in the mid-
Yeah, prior to the arrival of the mother ship, which they can only enter in spirit form, leaving their temporal vehicles, their bodies, behind.
Attempted mass suicide. They woke up -- probably with a hangover -- and both Diamond and their money were gone. And in both cases, his disappearance coincided with a meteor shower just like the one last night.
Mrs. Spencer?
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas police. Do you have a daughter named Abigail?
We have a warrant to search these premises.
Your daughter is wanted for questioning in the murder of Joseph Diamond.
The bed's still warm. Where is she?
The decedent's name is Christina Adalian, 28. Gunshot to the temple. Her sister is over there,  ... just came in from L.A. When no one answered the door, she looked inside. Saw her sister on the floor. The playpen with the baby was next to the body. Police officers kicked in the door.
Well, according to her sister, she's a single mom. They lived alone. 
Hey.
Consistent with suicide. Oh, there's a note on the white table.
The fridge is full of bottles of breast milk.
I know we've been over this before. Like I said, he'll be placed in Child Services until appropriate custody can be determined. That's just the way it is. I'm sorry.
All right.
Okay, after we're finished, an officer will take you to the facility.
Well, we have a few more questions. And, uh, CSI has to take your fingerprints. We won't take long, believe me.
They're in a cooler in the officer's car.
It's okay. It's gonna be all right.
Is the ex the baby's father?
Well, we need to contact him regarding Joey. It would be helpful to know his whereabouts.
Nada. Haciente. Adentro, adentro.
Back inside, back inside.
Copy. Control, this is Brass. Situation here is code 4. We have three suspects in custody. One is on the run.
I was one of the shooters. So was Sofia, so you know the deal. That's really all I'm allowed to say.
I see, uh, Detective Ortega, that hard-head from IA, is handling the case. Just our luck. 
Yeah ... yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, not good enough. Has Bell's wife been notified?
You know, she's pregnant with their third kid.
Hey ...
I remember my first shooting ...
You're right, you're right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Detective Curtis and I were just closing a robbery case and, uh, we stopped for a bite to eat.
That's right near here.
We joined the pursuit on Desert Springs.
Yes.
Yes.
Well, the two guys in the back had rifles, maybe AK's. The other two had handguns. I'm not sure what type.
I was just reloading and continuing firing. I don't know what hit him.
Bullets were flying. There were multiple rounds. It was chaos.
After the driver went down, the other suspect, I guess he felt it was getting too hot back there.
Oh, yeah. I mean, it was like, you know, those movie guns; they never run out of bullets.
Oh.
The next thing I remember ... the next thing I remember is Bell. Bell went down.
He was ... he was just a kid.
So, uh, so the suspects saw that we were kind of distracted helping Bell, and they took the opportunity. I went on foot pursuit, you know. They, uh ... I can't run as fast as I used to, I mean, so I lost them. But that's when I heard the two shots. I think ... No, I heard shots coming from ... the east.
Three.
Four. And they sound a lot louder than a nine-millimeter.
Oh, yeah, definitely. I kicked it away when I cuffed him.
I didn't have to.
Uh ... I must have used them..
Well ...
Want a ride?
You sure?
Right there, facing this way.
He had a gun in his hand. 
Look, don't make this some intellectual exercise for your own personal amusement.
Hey.
I'm glad you called. I've been thinking about you.
How you doing?
Yeah. It's the waiting.
You know, I've beensuspended or disciplined like six or seven times, and it's always the same, the waiting. What you never forget is that you know a police officer lost his life.
Sofia, you got to get it out of your head; that's poison.
Oh, I'm thinking; I'm thinking about a lot of stuff.
Let me tell you something. You know, when I was a young cop in Jersey, there was this kid -- responded to an all shots fired. Never got a radio call, never knew what hit him. I was the first officer on the scene -- a patrolman, too. You know, it tore up the department pretty good. Everybody was all twisted and ... but we managed somehow to ... I don't know, get through it, some way.
It really doesn't matter.
No, come on. It was chaos. You were just responding to a situation. It was instinct, it was training.
No. Don't, don't think that way.
Hey. Well, your call was a little cryptic. Must've got the results from the ballistics test.
Well, I don't know how you reconstruct a war zone. You have no idea what it was like. I mean, it was a firefight. Have you talked to Sofia? 
Oh, I-I swear, I was behind the car, I ... I-I stood up?
Don't keep 'em waiting.
No, I-I think I can handle it. I think. Thanks.
I'm ready when they are.
I'll have to live with that.
Oh, whoa! Hey. What's your name?
Well, that's a pretty name. 
Huh? Okay, be careful, Jeannie ...
Mrs. Bell ... I'm Jim Brass.
I want you to know ... if there's, um ... if there's any, um ... 
I ... I'm ... I'm so sorry.
Hey.
Well, it's been a rough time, but I'm dealing with it. Anyway, a kitchen worker found him. Says a lot of homeless people hang out here. Says the vic was unfamiliar to him.
Well, I checked the front pockets, no ID.
I was leaving that for you.
Looks like some blood around his lips. Maybe somebody punched him in the mouth. What do you think?
I know. Happy Thanksgiving.
Kick him out? Sign outside says, 'All-U-Can-Eat.'
I think we need a couple of cocktails first.
EXEF Wasn't that the name on the business card you found in the vic's wallet?
Wow.
I don't know -- slimy stuff is your thing. I don't want to get mustard on my suit. I'll take Digger.
Hey, you recognize this guy?
So you gave him your business card, right? 
All right, EXEF. What exactly does that stand for?
Pounding down hot dogs, that's a sport?
No kidding. Well, what does all this have to do with Jerry?
Hmm.
Can I keep this?
Thanks.
Yeah, got to get that golden weenie back.
Uh, so after the tournament, did you see Jerry? 
Any idea who he was celebrating with?
So I called about a dozen Jerry Gables. One had an answering machine for Jerry and Suzie Gable. This apartment is listed to Jerry and Suzie Gable. Here's Suzie.
Las Vegas Police.
Okay, so who are you?
All right, Susie's boyfriend, what's your name?
He escaped? So, what, the guy's Houdini?
Yeah.
So let me guess -- you blew his winnings at the sports book?
You know, you managed to supersize a combo of two deadly sins -- greed and gluttony. Shame on you. So what's he doing in a dumpster?
Yeah? Where's Susie?
You've never seen me off them, Sam. You know, this is like old times. You, me, a party. A dead body.
So I'm guessing you knew the victim -- Robert O'Brien?
Did you hear the shot?
You think he shot himself?
Well, he was about to make a lot of money in your casino; why would he?
How much is a share?
When was the last time you saw him?
Did you and Mr. O'Brien arrive together?
And you've been with him since?
Are you taking any medication? 
Does Mr. O'Brien own a gun?
And this is how we prove it.
Hey Sheriff, how's it going? 
What can I do for you?
Really?
Well, that's-that's nice, uh, do I have to be there?
Well, you know, Ben, if --
Yeah.
I was going to vote for you anyway.
Why did you lie?
How did Robert get it?
Did he take your pills? 'Cause we found them in his bloodstream.
You don't know?
You know, we did a credit check on you, Joe. You're in hock for over a million dollars. It's personal debt - that's heavy paper.
No, you live well by playing the come line with borrowed money. You know, Joe, you're the type of guy -- you see something you like, you got to have it, including your partner's share in the Eclipse. So you put your pills in his drink, he nods off, you wrap his fingers around your gun, and then you get to live really well.
Okay. I'll do it.
What's up?
Oh, come on, come on.
Yeah, yeah.
For what? For taking a bullet or not dying?
You know what, Rick? I'll tell you something. I walked into that hotel room, and 23 years of police work told me I knew what that guy was about. And he played me like a damn rookie. He beat me at my own game. I mean, what's the dumbest thing you've ever done? You want to make a poster of it, put it on your wall? I don't think so.
But thanks for coming by.
Construction crew found him when they came into work this morning. The woman's dead. The guy's still alive, but he's not talking. Wouldn't even give me his name, even after I gave him my name.
No, everything is just the way I found it. I mean, I figure some knucklehead, you know, came in off the street, found him, figured he had a free pass, and picked his pocket.
Anyway, I'm, uh ... I'm talking to people. I'll, uh, I'll let you know what we find out.
The dead guy in the bath is Raymundo Suarez. He works the night shift. He cleans the equipment from 8:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. The day-shift guys came in, found him like this. The foreman here called it in.
Where they get their throats cut.
As long as it takes.
Well, it's not like they're gonna do any better in here. Come on, I want to talk to your crew.
All right, what's your name, and what do you do here?
Mm-hmm. You see the victim last night?
You and Raymundo get along?
But you know somebody who did?
Oh. You mean the guy who owns the company?
You think the big boss had a problem with him?
Did you and Bubbles take a tumble?
How's Mr. Hoffa?
I take it we don't have a name yet.
I bet you ten bucks that I have you made by 9:00 p.m.
Apparently, so did your wife. She was spending some quality time with Raymundo down at the plant.
So you have no problem with it?
Oh, I get it.
Do you know this woman?
How about him?
He ended up dead, too.
He was murdered.
Attention all units, suspect's name is Ernie Dell.
Ernie Dell? Las Vegas Police! Open up.
Go ahead. Break it.
Do these belong to you?
So you worked with Raymundo Suarez. Did you know Izzy Delancy?
And how did he thank you for that? Public humiliation?
And you knew Penny Garden.
You're a handyman. What'd you fix for her?
We're just talking here, Ernie. We're just talking.
You want a cup of coffee, Ernie? We got decaf.
You're free to go.
So was he right? Are we really just picking on an old man or is he the bad guy?
Yeah ... he spent half his life in Locomotiveville.
You got to be kidding?
Unbelievable.
Well, keep me posted.
Hello. 
You know, I don't need your name to arrest you. I can call you John Doe. Okay, let's assume for the moment that you did know the dead lady laying five feet from where we found you. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that you killed her, and then you tried to dispose of her body, but you did something very, very stupid. Are you with me so far?
Yeah.
Make sure this goes in his personal effects.
Now, I'm gonna suggest you get a name tag, put the name 'Trixie' on it, 'cause that's what your cell mates will be calling you.
Take him to his cell.
'Hi, Max.'
You accidentally stabbed her through the heart?
Max, I want to believe you, but I ...
But if it was an accident, why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the police?
You were never convicted of killing your grandmother.
Which is why you don't have a record. 
All right, what about your neighbor? Mrs. Ivanovna-- did you kill her or was that an accident?
What, to give your wife -- your beloved wife -- a proper burial?
No. No. Don't tell me you ran over the puppy.
Why didn't you bring the knife directly in to us.
A trucker driving by saw the body, called it in. 
The coroner's tied up on a multiple in Pahrump, but they're en route. 
Officer Jensen was first responding. When he saw the condition of the body, he backed out of the scene, stepping in his own footprints. Anyway, we've been beating the bush looking for her personal effects, but so far nothing.
So flash this photo around the Alphabets. If she's a pro or a local, somebody will recognize her.
Yeah, it's a neighborhood. You know, A Street, B Street, D Street.
A through F is pretty bad -- homeless, junkies, scumbags, the hookers we chase off the Strip. I mean, if you're down and out in Vegas, sooner or later, you're gonna end up here.
Yeah, we're very competitive. Is that a Philly accent I hear?
My condolences. I'm from Newark.
How are you?
But you got to love Vegas, isn't that right, Catherine?
I mean, the pizza's terrible, but everything else is paradise.
So we're all on the same page, right? About giving the man to these girls.
So, Mike, the viewing room is down the end of the hall.
We subpoenaed your personal records. You go to a good dentist.
You were the last person to see them alive. You know their names. Tell us.
All right, let me clear it up for you. The last time you moved as a free man was when you walked into this room. When you leave here, you're gonna be charged with murder. So do yourself a favor and give us the identity of these three girls, and you might spare yourself the death penalty. 
So what do you have to lose?
Well, I'm sure the judge will take that into consideration.
So CSI got a fingerprint off the drinking straw we found at the scene.
No. It was a very clean print. And Ballistics matched some shell casings that we found at Simon's McMansion on that raid last year.
No. So Zamesca was trying to put Simon out of business, and it cost him his life.
Hey. I have a warrant for Thomas Simon. Is he here?
We busted our hump trying to find this guy.
Oh, you want my pancakes? Yeah, sure, knock yourself out. Here.
So, are you waiting for a drum roll?
So what's the catch?
You know, I can think of nine, no, ten ways that this could screw up.
Sure, that's how they keep all the money. 
Thank you.
What's happening, Rat?  Boy, you got to love junkies, huh? What stamina, what willpower. I mean, even the rain doesn't keep them away.
You nervous, Rat? Relax, relax, I'm just here to talk. Listen, you like game shows? Because I got a deal; listen to this. First place is a life-changing experience. You get a whole new life.
There is no second place, Rat. Either way, you don't get to work the alley anymore.
Screw me? No, no. Screw you. 
Look, take my deal. Otherwise, you're in possession of a controlled substance, and with your record, that's a mandatory sentence.
All right, let's walk, walk with me.
It's a little complicated. You own a gun?
Control, this is 2-Zero-3, Charlie-Captain-Brass. I am with Charlie-Zero-4-Willows and Charlie-Zero-9-Keppler. We're around the corner. Our ETA is five minutes. We'll be responding also.
Ezekiel Holstein. Date of birth: 07-14-72. Do a records check. Oh, and, uh, contact Narco. May be drug-related.
Let's roll.
Thomas Simon, you're under arrest! You two -- step over there.
A problem? We're charging you with the murder of Danilo Zamesca.
Well, it's good to meet an informed citizen.
Get him out of here.
I'm looking at him. You dropped the ball, man. You never cleared this operation with the DA, and now, she says she can't tell fact from fiction. She's not going to file charges against Simon.
Did you hear what I said? Now, what are you going to tell the sheriff?
Mm.
That's, uh, Bill Dorton. You know, Dorton Homes. Biggest homebuilder in town. He built mine. 
Oh, uh ... you'd better throw on some booties.
Margo Dorton, age 39.
Her husband said he returned from a business trip and found her like this. No sign of a forced entry. My guys are gonna go talk to the neighbors, see what they say about their relationship.
According to him, it was a honeymoon every day.
Absolutely. Let's establish a timeline. What time did your plane land?
10:30. And you arrived here at ...
Well, it took you an hour and a half at that time of night to get from McKaren to here?
So where'd you go after the fight with Margo?
You're a real workaholic, huh?
Now you know this is not a real relationship. It's a business transaction.
Hmm.
Can you show me some verifiable proof of where you were the night Margo was murdered?
Sure. Okay, go ahead.
I remember, Bill, you telling me that you didn't have kids.
Wasn't she a little young for menopause?
Bill ... did you know that Margo was frequenting um ... a so-called host club, and paying money to a male escort? 
Oh yeah, that's a cold word for it -- for murder.
No, I don't think it was the champagne, Jesse. I think it was Margo. She was coming to see you for a couple of months, spending a lot of money, you were running your pro-game, you know, doing the host thing. Holding her hand, touching, consoling her. Laying on the old Jesse magic. But then she laid some pretty heavy information on you.
I guess you thought, you know ... here's Margo, this cougar ... wants to take me back to the love pit, end the relationship. Sexy time. But it didn't turn out that way, did it?
You look a little pale, Jesse. Are you getting this?
The room is registered to a Dennis Graves, Trenton, New Jersey. He's a cop, Trenton PD.  Hey, you're from Trenton. Do you know him?
His buddy, Frank McCarty.
So what were you two guys doing in Vegas?
Is that all you indulged in? 
Is she the date?
Then what? 
Excuse me. Yeah?
Can you stick around? I'll be right back.
Okay.
Good enough to spot a hooker when he saw one?
So tell me about Dennis. Did he major in French? Maybe liked ménage a trois? You know, two's company, three's a party? 'Cause there was another girl in the room with him.
Mm-hmm. I only saw him leave with one girl. So as far as you know, there wasn't a blond in there with him? 
So I finally got through to the Homicide captain in Trenton. 
Anyway, here's the story. Keppler knew McCarty. Not only did he know him, he was like a son to him. Keppler had a close relationship with his daughter and McCarty was the one who got Keppler his job as a CSI.
Yeah, he knew him, too. Graves was being indicted. Seems like too many of his suspects were showing up dead before the trial. Catherine, I think all three of them are dirty.
We're looking for a building whose exterior looks exactly like this.
So what are we looking at, Rick? We've got a modernist structure with cement beams, steel rails, frosted glass.
Something like that.
Well, maybe that'll work in our favor.
All units, this is Brass. All right. Maintain a low profile. That means I don't want to see a uniform within three blocks of this place, okay?
Be vigilant, but be cool.
Someone's coming up.
White male with a suitcase.
Peyton Tallman's ID checks out. And you know ... and I kind of doubt the killer's going to make a miniature crime scene of his own sister's house.
He wants to see his sister. I'll let you know how that goes down.
Look, I know we've all had a tough day, but the sooner we get done here, the sooner we can all go home.
I'm sorry about your cat, ma'am. We lost an officer.
When my guys went to your house, they said you were a little out of it, but you're thinking clearly now, right?
Can you tell me why anyone would want to kill you?
Is or was?
You seem a little young to be retired.
Can you tell me why one of her patients would want to kill her?
Did you work out of your home?
Treat any sociopaths?
Well, maybe I am. Maybe I'm looking for a 20-something-year-old male, last name of Dell.
But you're retired.
No, we're not done yet. At least, I'm not done yet. All right, look, let's start again, all right? Let's ... Maybe we started off on the wrong foot, all right? Look, I'm asking you as a professional, as a psychotherapist, please ... help me out here.
Okay? Tell me ... what am I looking for?
Uh, yeah, four bodies -- I'd call that antisocial.
Different how?
All right, all right, all right. This isn't helping. Now, the kids have been missing since last night. Why'd you wait till now to report it?
Sheila who?
The last place they were seen was the parking lot at the school after the game.
I know it's a favor, but ...
Yeah ... Okay ... All right. Right, yeah, yeah, hold on.
We haven't found him yet. We're still looking.  Go ahead.
Hi, hi, I'm sorry I'm late, but, you know, the sun goes down on missing kids and it's news.
Doesn't make you a bad person.
Oh, this, this, this thing is so broken. There's a trick to it.
This is Vegas, baby. That's nothing.
Voila. Let's go to my office, okay?
No, I get it, and I appreciate you bringing her in.  Hey, Sheila.
We got a 421! Somebody run next door and get the squad medics.
I'll tell you it's been a banner week for teens and police. Two kids disappear; one we can't find; one may not make it out of surgery; and another one ends up dead in custody. I mean, I don't want to make this about me, but I need to know my office is not responsible.
Wait, so ... Sheila suffered the blow around the same time that Megan and Ryan were, um ... well, whatever they were.
Injury? No.
Uh, not much, but propped up on a dresser was a rental agreement to this address and a key.
Looks like it.
Diane Kentner, open up! Las Vegas Police!
Okay.
Let's go.
Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it.
Now I remember why I don't like modern art. I'm gonna go call the coroner outside.
The DA decided not to file. I mean, my guess is that he probably felt he couldn't get a conviction.
Everybody involved in this thing has been punished in some way. I mean, Diane and Sheila are dead. Charlie's probably going to jail, and Megan ...
Look, I know this is tough, but did she give you anything?
Anything else?
We're pursuing a number of leads based on evidence gathered at the scene. Now, we believe that our suspect targeted one individual in particular and that's where the investigation is focused.
Look, look, we have every available police officer out looking for him.
He can run, but he can't hide.
Well, there's a cold brewski on the table. We must have just missed him.
Yeah, what?
All right, we'll check it out. But first we're going to lose the radio cars. Post an unmarked. I'm going to put a broadcast out on his vehicle. He's gotta come home sometime.  Control, this is 2-0-3 Charlie, Captain Brass.
Look, uh, two squad cars just passed rolling Code Three. I'm at 562 Herrick Drive. Where are they en route to?
All right, copy that. I'm headed to the 415B location.
Hey, what do you got?
Anyone see the suspect?
Okay, I'm going inside. Chris Mullins hangs out here. Somebody's got to know something.
You see this guy? Marlon Frost? He was just stabbed in the parking lot.
What, did he get into an argument or something here?
Yeah, right.
Uh, how about this guy? You see him? Chris Mullins?
Has he been in lately?
Great.
Chris Mullins?
I hope you washed your hands.
So you're in the house the night of the murders.
You know, you don't seem too upset that she's dead. How come your fingerprints are in every single room of the house?
But you're only having s*x with Lauren, right?
I guess that's funny to somebody. But when we get a warrant for your DNA and match it to the semen we found in Lauren and Emily, the joke is going to be on you, pal.
And you couldn't help yourself, right, stud?
So I guess when Lauren came home, you gave it to her, too. Is that right, Santa? And what about Becca?
Boy, you have an answer for everything, huh? What about the guy in the bar? What about him, what did he do, look at you the wrong way, bum a smoke? Or did he want you to give it to him, too?
The suspect's name is David Marlon. M-A-R-L-O-N. 
Also known as Marlon Frost. Released from California State Penitentiary where he served time for sexual assault. Mr. Marlon is also wanted in the questioning of the assault of an elderly woman in North Lake Tahoe one week ago. We believe he stole her vehicle and then fled to Las Vegas.
That's not what I asked you. What I asked you was, why did you kill them?
You know, there's something I don't understand, Marlon. Why are you smiling? You feel good about this?
Huskins, you first responding?
So, what's the story?
Right. Running the Bulls, Las Vegas style. So, I got a feeling the driver didn't see anything.
Make sure you do Nystagmus before we pound him through the FSTs. Limo equals drugs and whatnot. And collect all the cell phones.
No.  Hey, anybody have any photos or video of the crash? If you do, I promise to get them on Channel 8 News.
Wow.
You better wear gloves before you do the collection. There's a lot of interrupted lap dances out there.
Oh, Kellen. I know Kellen. Calls himself 'Drops.'
Konnichiwa.
So, let me guess--you don't have any blood on your hands. Oh, look at that, you do.
So, who's the dead guy?
Yeah, we know that, but who's he to you? Huh?
So, he's your 'cuz', he's your gang buddy.
So, how did his B-L-U-D end up on your face?
So, what'd you do, piss off some rapper band again? 
You're the big cheese maker. What's your secret, anyway?
Well, you must be throwing some pretty crappy parties for someone to want you and your buddy dead. Huh? So, tell me. Who lit you up?
Okay. Let's start with everybody.
Look, we're going to take you down to the station.
You know the rigamarole: we need an official statement, we need your clothes, we need your prints, we need your DNA. Because you're a concerned citizen. You want to help us find out who did this ... unless you already know.
Well, you want to fill in the blanks before I ship you for obstruction?
We? You both had guns?
Well, I bet I can guess which one. 'Cause you're the only person in the limo with a registered .38 revolver.
I guess you know that blood is a good way to wash off GSR, right?
You're telling me that you didn't shoot a gun from inside the limo? You're blaming it on a dead guy, a dead guy who just happens to have the same gun as you.
You know, I know everything about you, Kellen. You're just a small-time street thug and drug dealer from Northtown. You got the nickname 'Drops' 'cause when you sold the chronic, you made a lot of drops.
I don't know, you're a little slow behind the jab. And all you do is a lot of bobbing and weaving. So get me the gun, and I'll let you have your massage.
Look, CSI's been all over that area, they didn't find any guns.
Excuse me, beautiful. We're gonna wrap up these chicken wings and take them to go.
No gun, no happy ending. Come on.
This bruise on Simone Molinez's body matches the heel of your buddy Champ's dress shoe.
No doubt. And you saw him do it.
So, what, he pushed her out of the car because she wouldn't have s*x with Aaron?
Bad? Bad for what?
You got booze, bling, girls, guns and drugs in a limo. Would you call that doing legitimate business?
Yeah, a few scrapes and bruises, a broken wrist dislocated shoulder, broken neck -- add it up: it equals death.
Yeah, maybe so, if she wasn't tangled up in the seat belt. What, you didn't hear her dragging on the street?
What? No! I'm charging you with the murder of Scott Brittington.
The guy you shot.
Yeah, so you say. But you're the only one in the limo with a registered .38. And you didn't toss that gun after you used it; you gave it to Aaron.
Aaron leaves the scene with your murder weapon. Your gun. 
And you take his spot like he was never there.
I'll take my chances with the jury. I'm going to see your arms behind your back sooner than you think. Counselor.
Police!
Call a paramedic!
Who's the big clown now, huh?
So when was the last time you saw the deceased?
No, I ... you know, I meant the last time you saw him alive.
Yeah. Mr. Babinkian ...
Okay, Binky, tell me about ...
Mm-hmm. What? Does everybody have a nickname around here?
No, thank you, Doris. So tell me about Happy.
Oh, yeah? What do you mean?
You took a boxer who likes to party to a whorehouse to train? Do you think that was smart?
So, anybody have a grudge against Happy that you know of?
Well, thank you. Thank you very much. You two really run a mom-and-pop operation.
And now, if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to the hookers.
So did you see Lorenzo 'Happy' Morales last night?
No?
Did you hear any gunshots? Any shouting? Anything unusual?
So what did you do last night?
That's it?
So, what did you think of Happy?
Let me make something clear for you. This is a homicide investigation. If you're lying to me, even a little bit, I'm going to come down on you like a load of bricks. 
So let me ask you again. What did you think of Happy?
What does that mean? He talked too much?
Wow.
So, did Doris and Binky have a problem with this?
Did he reciprocate?
Was it a one-way thing or a two-way thing?
Did Binky know?
Dreama Little. 
Is that your real name?
Do I look like Paula Abdul to you?
I'm going to let you in on a little secret. You don't get to decide whether you kill somebody or not.
You whacked him on the side of the head with a crowbar.
That's assault with a deadly weapon.
It doesn't matter whether he wandered off or not. He's bleeding from the brain. If he dies later on, that's murder on you.
You know, a jury may take into account the fact that you were abused, and I hope they do. But you're not gonna just walk out of here.
You know, sometimes it helps to write it down.
Yes.
Well, yes, Doctor, I'm actually with her right now.
Self-defense, really? How?
So this is your idea of an assassination attempt? This is your Lee Harvey? You hide behind a toolshed and shoot him with a crossbow, which we all know you own -- is that it?
Right.
Connor. You shot a guy in the neck, and you don't think you killed him?
Well, how do you know you didn't kill him? How do you know he didn't stagger off somewhere and ... you know, drop dead in the pool? I'm liking you for Happy's murder. I'm liking you a lot.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Listen, I just got a confession from the crossbow guy, so we're all set.
He-he's not ... What do you mean?
So the guy took an arrow through the throat, and it prolonged his life?
Well, that explains the flatulence.
Well, that's Doris's color.
Oh ... Yeah. Oh. You know, when I talked to the girls, they told me that Doris and Happy had a thang. You add Binky into the mix, and that is one nasty little love triangle.
Well, actually, it's a ... it's a very complicated case. We were hoping maybe you'd help us out a little.
Well, apparently, Happy was in the midst of a life-threatening anaphylactic collapse. Do you know what that means?
It's a very heavy allergy attack ... to shellfish.
But the strange thing is, the allergen, it seems, was introduced into Happy's system through oral-genital contact.
Apparently.
Well, no, wait a minute, wait a minute.
What was that about?
We can't use this as evidence.
Yeah. 
And I love you both. Let's go. You're under arrest.
So I think you'll be happy to know that your little crowbar stunt didn't kill Happy.
Really.
Well, don't you even want to know how he died?
You know, it was the damnedest thing. He had snake venom in his system.
Hmm.
Yeah, that's just what it is -- a hoot.
Oh, he wasn't bitten. No, he was injected. Yeah. Somebody took a syringe full of snake venom and injected it in his leg.
Oh, we found the syringe with the venom in it and your DNA on it in the tube you hid it in. I mean, you might have walked on the crowbar thing, but this is premeditated. And that can be very, very bad for you. Look, I know that you and Connor did this together. He's already going down for the crossbow shot. That's probably why he gave you up.
He said that you cooked up the whole thing from top to bottom.
Are you saying that faking the snake bite was his idea?
That's right. You're going to walk out of here a free man. And she's going to jail, and you can visit her every third Thursday until she's a very old lady. Is that the way you want it to be?
Well, that's the way it's going to be. Unless you can convince me she's lying just to save your sorry ass.
Hank Connors, Las Vegas Police. Come out with your hands above your head. Come out slowly.
Officer down!
MREs, automatic weapons, ammo, water -- this guy Connors was ready for the end of days.
No, he liked it mano a mano.
Not yet.
Ms. Turner.
You know, you're right. But let's go through it again. Chyna De Vere is dead. And her remains were found on your boyfriend's ranch.
She wasn't a member of your club?
Her husband was. And he's MIA. You know, the club's getting smaller and smaller by the minute. This morning, Hank Connors died. 
When we went up there to arrest your friend, he shot himself. And I'm getting the feeling that you're going to be missing a meeting, too. Look, Shannon, you alibied a killer. You're already an accessory to one murder. If Hank Connors killed Chyna's husband, too ...
Tell me where he is. Hmm? You know, this can work in your favor with the DA.
Shannon sure has a lot of books.
UFO's, alien abduction ...
Yeah, tell me they never met. We'll check the Palermo security.
Xena, Warrior Princess.
Catherine ... check this out.
Chyna De Vere's husband, Preston.
'Chillin' in Cabo.'
Aww. Well, while Mommy's in custody, I guess the kitty's hungry; I'll call Animal Control.
Well, hello, Xena.
You're right, it's Las Vegas. But it is a crime to lie to the police. We found your blood in Chyna's apartment.
By whom?
Look ... you killed Chyna, and you got Connors to help you move the body. And Connors killed Preston, because he was obsessed with you and wanted to eliminate the competition. 
You lied about knowing Chyna; you going to lie about this, too?
Oh, 4,000. The new fifty.
Is that you?
Yeah, I'm just a phone booth away from changing into my tights and saving the world.
Jim.
How you doing, Joe?
Thanks a lot, Joe.
Preston De Vere?
What are you doing out here, Preston?
Can you describe these people to me?
Try me.
Hey, what's happening, Lizard King?
Okay, then, when exact were you abducted?
Oh, so you were abducted before your wife was missing.
What are you trying to tell me? You don't know your wife is dead?
Stop the crocodile tears. Come on. Preston. If she was so sweet, what were you doing Chillin' in Cabo with Shannon Turner?
Well, you got your pictures on the coffee mug. That's romantic to me. You better come up with an alibi -- on planet Earth -- of where you were the night your wife was killed.
And why Hank Connors shot himself.
Sorry to interrupt.
Which one of you is Clarissa Niles?
Come on, Clarissa, you're a smart woman, I mean, really. I mean, you have a beautiful home, you're a good citizen, you pay your taxes, you vote, you even play a little golf. You got way too much on the ball to fall for this con man.
Really? How'd he do that?
Do you really think he's four thousand years old? Here. Let me show you something.  Look at this. He's 42. He claims he's a nutritionist. He's not. And look. Look at all these schools and labs he said he went to. They never heard of him. He has no place of business, no job. He just preys on vulnerable women. He got Shannon Turner to kill his wife for him. Got you to give him money.
You would have done anything for him, whether he asked for it or not.
You drove him out to McCade, you dropped him off, you brought back his clothes. The evidence is all over your car.
He used you just like he used everybody.
So we checked Chyna's bank account. She had a tidy little inheritance until she met you.
You know, every time I think about leaving this job, a guy like you comes along and reminds me why I can't.
Like a bad penny, some people just keep showing up.
No.
Guy over there in the ten-gallon -- Vernon Porter.
He's a night watchman. All the employees are required to wear that cowboy getup. That's the job that cops get after they retire.
Yes, ma'am.
Do you think you know how to ... ?
Oh, you're a genius.  Well, this is where we found her.
On her neck, yeah.
Maybe the party just got out of control.
So you're sure that the gate was locked?
When did things go Code 3?
So why couldn't you check them out during normal business hours?
You know, we spoke to the night watchman. He said the gate was locked. How did you get in?
Do you know him the way you know Judge Fincher? Because I know that's how you got out of jail last time. I need a name.
You don't want help, that's okay by me. Just don't waste my time. I've got a lot of cases on my desk that need my attention. So when you come out of your haze, give me a call.
Oh, sure, sure, sure. We'll get to that. But, first, I need to straighten out a few things.
Mr. Oakley, did you give Heather Kessler permission to enter the park after hours?
Well, you know what she does for a living, right?
So you have no problem with a dominatrix doing business at a family theme park?
So how did she get in?
After midnight?
Well, I'd like to talk to Benny a little more. We need to confirm his statement.
The night watchman chews.
Yeah, I know. I checked him out.
He got in an off-duty incident. He was in a fight in a bar and a woman was hospitalized.
Well, you know, it fits his profile. He could have waited till Heather's client left -- there's always a client ...
... and then attacked her. You know, I should have checked to see if he was wearing underwear.
Well, you want to see a man about a horse?
Well, it's ten after. Probably unlocked 'cause he's doing his rounds.
Ah, the Wild West, partner.
I know something a lot juicier than Grissom and Lady Heath ...
He took one in the back.
David, hand me his cell phone.
Guess who he called yesterday?
Lady Heather.
And we both know how she likes to settle her own scores. I'm going to get a warrant, but it may take me some time because I have to find a judge who isn't a client of hers.
We have a warrant to search your house. And you'd better put some sunblock on because we're going downtown.
Well, we'll swing by the hospital. And you can explain to them why you checked yourself out early, against doctor's orders.
Where were you last night?
Can anyone verify that? Preferably someone not on the payroll.
And with your history, yes. How do you know Vernon Porter?
You know what? That's the first thing you said to me that doesn't sound like a lie. What kind of work?
So an ex-cop does some legwork for you. So what happened-- did you have a falling out or he threaten you?
Oh, I don't know, Heather. I don't know. I mean, you get assaulted at Old West Town where he works, he calls it in, then he ends up dead. What is it, just one big coincidence?
Yeah, but it was your business that got him killed. Come on, come on, we both know that you weren't there for some western hoedown. So what were you doing there?
That's attempted murder. Your dad's not going to like that, Benny.
And that makes two attempted murders. And that adds up to a lot of jail time, bud.
What do you want, a gold star for being a bad shot?
Where is he?
Is he at the saloon?
He's got to be at Heather's.
So your sick fantasy was to kill her.
Too bad you spent the million. You could use it on your defense.
Look, Heather, for what it's worth, I think you're in the clear. The DA's not gonna press charges. Attempted murder, assisted suicide, the lines are kind of blurred. But do yourself a favor. Get some help.
Court order for another Dell kid in Old Henderson -- the
So, we've been trying to contact Mr. Dell for a couple of weeks. Have you heard from him?
I wonder why.
Trevor Dell, open up. Las Vegas Police.
Hey, shut up and stand back.
Anybody home? This is the police.
Vegas in May, plus global warming.
Hey, Gil, we got a body.
Yeah, Control, this is Jim Brass. I got a 419 at 1621 Water Street, Apartment 2B.
What, you lose your interest in dead bodies?
Big guy's a wannabe composer. Quit his day job to write the next
Yeah, another weird tragedy for the Dell family.
Well, the guy liked action figures. Maybe his sister, the Miniature Killer, gave it to him as a gift.
Control, this is Jim Brass. 
Yeah, we found Sara Sidle's car, but she's missing. There's no sign of her. 
Looks like an abduction.
I don't want to waste time screwing around with this nutcase. I'm going to get some bleach and drip it on her until she gives up the location. And they can't accuse us of police brutality for that.
So you're the one who found the body?
Right. Do you recognize her?
At any time did you step inside the elevator?
All right, thank you, Gloria. Thank you.
How many floors we got?
Yeah.
You do the math.
The wedding planner. Hmm? 
How do you drown in an elevator?
What do you got?
Donna Basset out of San Francisco.
San Francisco PD lets their guys moonlight. Do you know anyone on this floor needs private security?
Which room?
Clear and empty.
We need to locate Mr. Hsing.
So you believe in all this feng shui stuff?
Per Mr. Hsing's request, hmm?
You okay? You know, I mean, working Sam's hotel so soon after the, you know?
Yeah.
Mr. Hsing, I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police.  Your security officer, Donna Basset, was found dead tonight. Murdered in your hotel room.
We'll take care of that. When did you last see her?
Mm-hmm. Mr. Hsing, when you hire security, how much of it is for real threat and how much is perceived? Do you know what I mean? How much is for show?
So, you checked in around 6:00. Where have you been since?
So you never left this room all night?
Oh, that's helpful. Why'd you leave?
And how'd you swing that?
I see.  You can corroborate this?
Okay, good, there's a record then. So you get back to you suite. Then what?
So changing your skivvies can change your luck?
Wow. I'll have to try that.
Well, we can be finicky. 
The hot weather, the full moon, too many people moving to Vegas. Whatever the reason, the natives are restless.  Scene's in the garage.
Yeah, no, you know, don't bother about that. That's the water delivery boy. He lost his breakfast, and his bottle.
He said the house belonged to a guy named Lou Beltran.
He couldn't tell. The door's been forced.
Hey. Any ID on them yet?
Well, you know, I'm kinda stuck until I know who they are, so, uh ... Sara, do me a favor, will you? Reach into that barbecue and hand me his wallet.
Thank you. 
This guy doesn't live here. This is Ray Gaynor, lives a few houses down.
I don't know, but I'd bet my right arm that's his left arm.
I'm gonna see if the one-arm man has a wife who knows how to operate a chainsaw.
Was it blue?
Sorry.
Um ... I think there's a couple of chairs left.
No.
So, Mrs. Beltran, I assume the divorce wasn't final.
Hmm. Do you know Ray Gaynor?
Uh-huh.
Look, I gotta ask you this -- where were you last night?
So you were in a plane.
The vic had nothing on him but his casino ID. Name is Vasco Ruiz. He's a dishwasher here at the Golden Sapphire.
My guess he got off his shift, went to his car, got whacked.
A blender?
Not in the employee structure.
Well, we found a Wayne Newton impersonator, but all I could get him to do was sing a few bars of 'Danke Schoen'. But no wallet no cash, no cell phone, no car keys. Smells like a robbery.
Yeah, I'm gonna go get personal with his boss. See what he knows.
She's not talking.
He must've taken her wallet.
It's not here; they took it. Somebody had to see something.
Mrs. Ruiz, I'll do the best I can. I'll put you in touch with state services that'll help you deal with these issues, okay? But right now I need your help to do my job. I need some information, okay?
All right. When was the last time you talked to Vasco?
Did he have any enemies that you know of?
Okay. Did he carry a wallet or a cell phone?
I want you to write down his cell phone number on this piece of paper, okay? I need to access his records.
Hey, guys, this officer's going to take you and your mom home, make sure you all get home safe, okay? 
Get this reporter on the phone.
So how long you been in town, Mr. Tanner?
You on vacation?
Okay, tell me what happened.
Can you give me any descriptions?
Okay. All right. You take it easy.
Sure, I'll do my best.
His name is Greg Sanders. And I'm sure he'd appreciate it. I'll tell him.
So, you think we're out of the woods yet? 
She's a cop.
I can see that. 
Did you get a good look at 'em?
Look, I'm not going to play you, Tara. So let's not waste each other's time. I have enough evidence to try you for first-degree murder. But I'm greedy. I want the rest of the Mickey Mouse Club. So you have a choice. You can either spend a very, very long time in jail or you can help me out. 
You don't have to say anything. 
Write a text message. Something Pig would send to his buddies to gather them all up for another fannysmackin' party. Look, Tara, I don't think that beating these people up was your idea, so why should you and Cha Cha take the fall? These guys don't care about you. I mean, let's face it. You're just a piece of tail to them. Right? So what's it going to be? Are you going to let a guy with the colorful but unfortunate name of 'Pig' run free while you go to jail? You know, it's funky in there. No Posh Spice. No parties, no purses or pedicures or pasta primavera. So you decide.  Decide.
Everybody out of the car, now. Get out of the car.
Let's see those hands. Put them on the top of the car.
Get out of the car!
Somebody went to a lot of trouble to get her up there.
Or maybe they were just mad at God.
Look, shouldn't Father Frank be here by now?
I'm Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. You were supposed to be here 45 minutes ago. Where you been?
Father, this is a murder investigation.
Yeah, I understand. Sorry, Father, but, uh, this is a crime scene. You're not gonna get your church back for a while.
Yeah, sure, I have no problem with that.
Sisters couldn't identify the victim, so we'll need you to take a look.
That's because in this neighborhood those derelicts and drug addicts died of heatstroke, overdose and old age. None of them were strung up in the rafters.
Father Frank Berlin, this is Gil Grissom from the Crime Lab.
Do you recognize her?
I'll take that as a no.
Then you have to come downtown to the police station.
Is it a bigger sin to lie if you're a priest?
Yeah, this is it.
Well, I guess it's a change of plans.
Mr. White, we have a court order to examine this car for evidence related to the murder of Charlotte Danville.
Yeah, I know. We have a witness who places you arguing with her last night. You may be one of the last people to see her alive.
Well, I feel awful too, but the car is coming with me.
Where's Father Frank?
Hey!
Didn't your mother tell you you're not supposed to fight in church? Cody White. What's up, Hombre?
But aren't you the one who's funding the renovation of the church?
Yeah.
So what sins did he commit to earn the punch-out penance? Let's talk about it downtown.
You know, Father, when we asked you if you knew her, you said you didn't.
What about the night before?
You know, we can't find anyone who remembers seeing you there after midnight.
Where were you?
What time was that?
Charlotte died around 2:00 A.M. Where were you then?
Does crackhead Marty have a last name?
You know, Father, listen, I'm telling you, these answers -- none of them work for me.
I don't want to do that.
Sister Bridget?
Father, sit down, please.
But why did you kill her?
The only miracle is I'm not charging you with obstruction.
I don't know, I mean, most people give their friends, uh, subscriptions to a fruit-of-the-month club. But you gave your friend Charlotte a condo and a car.
So it was supposed to be a short-term thing?
So is that what the fight in the church was about?
So do you always have personal conversations in the confessional?
Now, why would their relationship be open to misinterpretation?
I need to ask you a few more questions.
Who killed Charlotte Danville?
Single malt express is leaving the station as soon as I get home.
He confessed.
He's a priest, for God's sakes. That's the whole point of the priesthood. No sleeping around. More energy for good works and noble deeds. Now you find me some evidence to exonerate the good father, and we'll talk.
So, you don't like crucifixes, but maybe you made an exception when you found out Charlotte was pregnant, hmm?
In my world, Father, you're either guilty or innocent.
You know, he doesn't think you did it. But I think that you know who killed Charlotte. He came to the church that day to confess, didn't he?
Okay, we have two missing criticals -- Jason Crowley, age eleven -- black, male, four-foot-six; Lucas Hanson -- age ten, Caucasian, male, five feet. Now, uh, the boys were last seen at this location at 15:30 hours -- Jason Crowley's house. Jason lives with his grandfather, Terrance Crowley. The address is on your handouts. Terrance Crowley assumed that they were staying at Lucas's house. Dawn Hanson, Lucas's mother, returned home from work at 21:00 hours. She assumed they were at Terrance Crowley's house. She reported them missing at 24:00 hours. Now, we searched the schools, playgrounds, basketball courts. Found nothing. Canine is on the scene. Neither of the boys carried cell phones or pagers. Now, any questions?
No, and, uh, we interviewed the teachers at the school, and according to them, they're both good kids.
Well, as you can see, Jason wears glasses, but that's it. Yeah?
Amber Alerts have gone out to the states of Utah, California ...
So, uh, can you account for your whereabouts the last 24 hours?
Where do you work?
Let me guess -- the kids loved you.
Okay. Who would want to barbecue you?
Hmm. 
I have a good memory.
Well, you know, Carl -  But I'll tell you what -- I'll let you file a formal complaint down at the police station.
I got to go. You all right here?
Mrs. Hanson, I got your message. You said it was urgent.
Ms. Hanson, I thought you told me that your ex-husband wasn't involved in Lucas's life.
You locked your son out of his own house?
So it's possible that Lucas took the key.
Okay, all right, all right. Give me an address for your ex-husband.
That sounds like a license plate.
Have you ever seen this man?
Uh, he's a person of interest.
Ah, it's okay. Uh, yeah. Put out a broadcast on Perry Hanson.
Perry Hanson? So, Mr. Hanson, where are the boys?
Lucas and Jason.
No, he's missing, and so is his best friend. You mean, you didn't hear the Amber Alert, or check your messages?
I bet you do. Somebody get Ben Franklin out of here.
You want to tell me what Jason Crowley's baseball glove is doing in your car?
Yeah, well, I'm not taking any more of yours. You're under arrest.
Okay, let's hear it.
I don't care about the TV. When was the last time you were in your house?
I found this in your car. Guess whose front door it opens?
Another sad, suffering single dad.
Oh, if you were me.
Well, that can change.
If you want to file a formal complaint to make it official, yes.  Oh, is that a Red Cross voucher? I'll call and make a hotel reservation for you.
I'm too old for you.
Yeah, Gil, yeah. He's agreed to come to the PD. But I can't keep him there long, so let's ratchet it up a notch and get something to hold him on, all right?
Oh, did I tell you, you can't check into the hotel till after four.
Well, I'm wondering if you might hang out and volunteer your services here. Isn't that what you do? Talk to groups about sexual deviancy?
Yeah, that's what I want. So you going to help us out or what?
I think golf's a little too rich for his blood.
Well, my money's still on the pedophile.
Well, Jason's a skinny kid.
So, we're working on a couple of Jason sightings. Camper in Red Rock spotted a kid who looks like Jason, so I sent Vega. And Sofia is on her way to Bullhead City, Arizona. A woman on a bus called the cops. She swears that Jason's sitting next to her. That's what I've got. Any luck with Carl Fisher?
So I talked Voris into violating parole, and we're adding the charges of negligent homicide. You're not gonna see Carl for a long time. 
Also, we, uh ... we've arrested the grandpa, Terrance Crowley, for child abuse.
Her name is Penny Garden. Age 65. Retired cocktail waitress.
Been living here since the Rat Pack days.
Well, they must have tipped well because twenty years ago, this was a nice neighborhood. Anyway, a guy next door heard a racket, called 911. Down the hallway, there's a spare bedroom. The bed's unmade. So if the vic had a houseguest, they're nowhere to be found, so I'm going to dig around.
Did you hear anything? Any voices, yelling, screaming?
Yeah. Well, you think that's sexy? Is that the way you roll? Huh? All right, I'll take that for a 'no.' You see anybody leave the house?
Who's she got staying with her? 
Describe him.
This is my card. If you see that white skinny guy, give me a call, will you? All right? 
All right?
You talk to that guy in that house?
Put someone on his doorstep until he shows. He's got security cameras. I want the video.
So where did you go last night?
Oh, a ticket stub. That's good. Who'd you go with? You went by yourself?
I don't know. A friend?
Okay, so the movie ended. You're all by yourself, then what?
Why are you staying at your Aunt Penny's?
Why would they do that?
Let me see your arms.
Are you 'booting that good oodgie'? You ever use intravenous drugs?
You know, your Aunt Penny had some scrips for some pain medication –
We're going to need to take your clothes and your shoes.
We found these in your house. The white one is Carisoprodol. It's a muscle relaxant.
Oh, yeah. And the blue one is Prevalis. You look a little young to need that.
Well, he's going to get really bored in prison. You hope.
Well, you think a guy in my job doesn't know what goes on in the clubs and in the street? You ever hear of a Las Vegas Cocktail.
It's a combination of Carisoprodol, Prevalis and very strong painkiller called Fentanyl. Problem is, Fentanyl's hard to get. I mean, doctors don't just give it away. You got to be in really serious pain to get it, like dying of cancer. On the street it's called 'perc-a-pop'.
Now, Penny Garden was prescribed 40 a month. Problem is, we couldn't find any in her house.
Yeah, I do.
You liked her 'cause she had what you needed.
Yeah.
Yeah, what do you want to know?
Well, I've been all around the house, --no sign of a forced entry.
Yeah, dressed in a fancy outfit, having a fancy meal.
I'm Detective Jim Brass, Las Vegas Police. This is Warrick Brown from the Crime Lab. We have a warrant to search Jill Case's office.
Well, it wasn't a ditch.
I'll need a list of all the employees who work for the paper -- can you provide that?
Human Resources. Okay.  You're on your own.
Until the murder.
Did I tell you that?
Let me run down the sequence of events. So you took your 'girlfriend' out to dinner.
Then you brought her home for a little tie-me-up, tie-me-down. But things get wonky and in the throes of passion, you remembered, 'Wait a minute she's a patient. Uh-oh.'
So she had a history of depression. So you used that knowledge to cover it up.
Are you saying the two of you never had rough s*x? Now, be careful here, doctor.
But what?
Got a job that takes you around the world, get to meet some great girls, even win some awards. So why would an adrenaline junkie like you waste his time with Photoshopping?
Well, thanks for the insight. But I'm looking for another kind of confession. I'm here to bust you for the murder of Jill Case.
Come on, she was hip to your, uh, you know cut-and-paste scheme and she was going to blow the whistle on you.
Oh, is that what you heard?
Maybe ethical journalism was worth the price for her.
Well, for a while, she had you.
The lab did a DNA test. Your skin cells are all over the dog leash that was used to hang her.
You must have thought you were losing your mind? Let me run it for you.
Jill always picked up her dry cleaning on Thursday nights. So right place, right time, right car, looks like the right woman.
You thought it was done. So you go to the house, get the computer files and you think you're seeing your conscious walk through the door.
The first time you had a plan. Try to make it look like a mugging. The second time, you had to improvise.
All right, fine. Okay, all right. Thanks.
At least the driver was sober. I can't say the same about the boatload of high school kids he was driving around town. Listen to some of the wonderful statements I got: 'We go, 'errr ...' dude goes 'aah.' 'We go bam ... Dude goes, 'Aah!''
Well, maybe it broke on impact.
Well, then... that looks like we have a homicide-related road pizza.
Hmm. And the victim?
Well, this is a late-night place. It ever get rough in here?
It's a karaoke bar. I don't see a lot of hate here.
So what was our boy drinking?
You sell much of that?
And he sang karaoke. Do you have video?
Perfect.
Johnny D'Angelo -- Las Vegas Police. Look, we tried you at work, down at the chicken joint, but no Johnny.
Slow down. Take it easy.
Take it easy.
Why don't you make it easy on all of us and blow off this ghost business, and ID the person who's after you -- preferably someone living. Okay? Now, you don't even have to say a name, all right?
Just point at one of these guys.
Okay, Johnny, I'll bite. Why would a dead guy have a beef with you?
Yeah?
Yeah.
What do you got there, nitroglycerine?
You know you just confessed to armed robbery, right?
We're the cops, not the Ghostbusters.
Johnny D'Angelo! Las Vegas PD!
Yeah, go for Brass.
Okay, got it. Thank you.
Do you smell that?
Maybe it was the ghost of Mickey Dunn.
The thing that really gets me is, I talked to this killer dressed as Johnny D'Angelo, close enough to smell his breath and still he walks.
I want to see him in an orange jumpsuit and cuffs. He's got the real Johnny's wallet. 
Yeah, but he said the vic's car is parked in the parking lot.
I'll pull his credit records. I hope he bought something nice.
Put your hands on the wheel! Put your hands on the steering wheel now!
Shut up and get out of the car.
I thought I was clear on the 'shut up.'
Pop the trunk.
How about this? Any chimes?
Well, keep going, Mickey. Do you recognize him?
Thing's aren't looking too good for you, Mickey. So now we know we got a dead cop's body in your old car. So tell me what happened. You were skipping town and Eddie Sanchez pulled you over and you shot him point-blank?
You're under arrest, Mickey, for murder.
He's having a heart attack. Call a paramedic.
Okay, take it easy, buddy. Take it easy.
I just got off the horn with Search and Rescue. We have three choppers in the air with night vision and IR. Now, the weather's getting cooler, so a warm body will be easier to find.
Maybe she got out.
Hey, buddy. I'm in a hurry. 
This girl bought a red Mustang off our impound lot.
Who the hell is Art?
Yeah, where'd you take it?
Wait a minute, you towed a 3,500-pound car, you can't remember where you took it?
Look, you towed a car for a serial killer. That makes you an accomplice.  You helped abduct one of my people. Now, you either tell me where you took it or you're going to end up in the hospital and after that you're going to end up in jail.
What is it? Come on, focus.
All right, h-hey, look, look. 
Look, this is a map. Show me on the map.
His name is Matthew Hoffman. Ranger said he checked in at a trailhead three days ago. No one's seen him since.
What's this?
Her parents have already been notified.
Did you make the call?
How's this going to help me?
You should have put him in your car and driven him home.
Look, Warrick's a loose cannon. We both know that. He was in Gedda's strip club ... 
... conducting his own police investigation.
Yeah, passionate enough to sleep with the vic who ended up dead in his car. Look, I know Warrick didn't have anything to do with it, but he needs to back off. Guys like Lou Gedda -- they don't skip on murder and extortion by being lucky.
Well, unlike Warrick, I don't make accusations until I have proof.
Hey, you still with me, Richard?
Remember her?
She worked at Pigalle.
No, they don't. There's blondes, brunettes, B-cups, D-cups.
It's bad for your health. How about a diet soda?
Hey, it's a two-way street, Richard. You answer the questions, we'll get you a soda.
Then what happened?
Then what?
Then what? Did you kill her?
Why'd you pick that car, Richard?
We found your fingerprint inside the car.
Who's them?
Get him out of here.
Get your -- 
Security. We have a tough time finding guys to wrangle a bull. Cowboys like to party when they come to Vegas.
Jim Brass, Vegas PD.
What can you tell me about this guy?
'Re-ride'?
Not a dead cowboy.
It looks, uh ... pretty persuasive.
So ... uh ... was Cody helping you collect from Wintwister?
Right, right, so like an athlete before a game.
Well, if the stuff is so valuable, maybe Cody was doing a little moonlighting, you know, collecting on his own, making a little extra money.
We found bull semen on his jeans.
There's more than one?
Yeah, I get the point.
Do you know this girl? We think she's Cody's girlfriend.
Mm-hmm.
I thought Wintwister didn't compete tonight.
Can I help you?
Hey, Cath, listen, it's Jim. We got an eyewitness confirming that Tiffany's TOD was after 2:21 AM.
So, Coco, you didn't see anyone threaten Precious Ricky? 
Yeah, right. You know this girl?
Do you know who the groom was?
Know anything about him?
It's kind of impulsive, isn't it?
Hey, Troy, listen to me.
We don't want anyone getting hurt, okay? So put the gun down. Come out of the truck with your hands up. Put the gun down, Troy. Just let it fall away. Now. He moves on that gun, don't wait.
Okay, but we're not taking any chances.
Nice job.
Hey, Ms. Twicker, how's it going?
Hey, Mr. Dooley. So, where you staying when you're here in Vegas?
Oh, right here.
Well, bull semen is property, and that property isn't yours so it's theft.
Now, here's what I think happened. You know Cody. He's at the end of his career. He's a little down on his luck. Never put any money aside. Wintwister's output goes for 20 grand a pop on the open market. So, you and Cody, you get together, you do the deed and ... uh ... sell it on the sly.
And then when he told his girlfriend, you took his truck.
Even when it was to hunt down his girl?
So, there is a third guy?
Okay, so who is working with you on this, Cash, huh? Who was at the wheel of Cody's truck when you ran down that girl? Was it someone in the arena?
What's this, a cowboy code of silence? Look, you want to make me compel fingerprints from everyone working in that arena, I can do that.
I got a 440 exiting the east end of the arena. Head him off.
Well, howdy, partner. This is a new experience for me. First time I caught me a cattle rustler.
Then Cody Latshaw came in drunk and itching for a fight.
Then you tried to make it look like an accident.
But you didn't have to run over his girlfriend.
Yeah, you didn't know?
He's home sick, Maddy.
Talk to me, David.
What do you got, Doc?
He was shot.
Listen, you're not here for a traffic violation, okay? Now, after you ran the red light, the street camera didn't pick you up at the next intersection. Where'd you go?
You're not here for a traffic violation. Let's get that straight. Now, did you see anyone in particular? Do you remember that night?
Okay.
Can you identify him, hmm?
Uh, no. It's a ... it's a government building.
I'm very sorry for your loss. So when was the last time you saw Don?
Mrs. Cook, did you know that your husband was going to testify before a grand jury?
Did he confide in anyone else?
Did you tell anyone?
I'm gonna need their phone numbers.
Hi. I ... uh ... brought some more files on the case.
Got any coffee?
Good.
You know, when we first asked Cook to testify he said no, and ... uh ... but ... you know, I couldn't let it go. 
So I called him up about a week later and ... uh ... took him to lunch and I showed him a picture of ... uh ... of a girl that they had killed, you know. She was 16, innocent, beautiful. She was raped, shot, and urinated on. And when that didn't kill her, they slit her throat. So I had him on the hook. When I told him that ... uh ... you know, if he testified, I'd protect him and his family if the case ever came to trial. On Friday, he called Maddy, said he changed his mind, he'd testify. And on Sunday ... he was dead. I couldn't protect him.
Thanks.
Mr. O'Malley? Detective Jim Brass. Can I talk to you again?
Ballistics has confirmed that your son-in-law was killed with your gun.
I know what I told you, but why didn't you tell me about the gun?
How did it end up in his car?
Why?
Look, as long as I'm out here, do you mind if I look around?
So, who gave you the order to torch that apartment?
And why that apartment? Who do you know lives there?
You're loco?
Sit down.
Well, that didn't help.
You're really good at making enemies, Maddy.
Did you take Cook back to Little Gordo's house? You know, maybe to verify his story?
You know, when Don Cook first refused to testify that he saw Alvarado come out of Little Gordo's house, you know what I did? I took him to an out-of-town diner and bought him a cup of coffee. What'd you do?
That's what we're here to find out.
Hi, Cody.
Okay, tell me again about the day that Don died.) 
Now hold on. Help me out here.
It's going downtown.
So you killed him. And made it look like a gang did it. And then you could buy all the expensive dresses you want.
Hey, you don't want to say anything, fine. Write him up. Process him.
No.
Cook was her meal ticket.
You know, it's a tragic coincidence that she died two days after you qualified for half of what she's worth.
Nice office.
It's really not so bad.
Working late?
Yeah, we're not done.
Yeah, she knows time is not on her side.
It's the end of an era, ladies and gentlemen. Hampton Huxley, publisher of Hux magazine -- where boys became men, and men became more manly -- has died. 
That magazine got me through Vietnam.
Yes, Kitties, indeed. He was dining with a couple of them when he bought the farm. Miss Summer and Miss Winter, I believe.
Not exactly. Welcome to the latest fad. Dining in the dark.
Waiters are blind. No one sees anything. Piece of cake, huh?
And apparently just as dangerous.
So tell me what happened.
Oh, so you didn't see anything?
Is that what you think happened?
Uh-huh.
Well-well, you're the one with blood on you. Maybe you can tell me.
Okay. Um, look, I'm going to need to take your sweater.
No. No, I don't mean right now. No, I mean, I... I'll need to take it before I go. You know, later, when I, when I leave, I have to take your sweater then.
Again?
Yeah, okay.
Okay. What's so funny?
What are you guys, like twelve years old? Oh, hey, hey, Curly. How come you're so pretty in pink? Huh?
So it was the blind leading the drunk, huh?
Well, did you, did you hear anything unusual?
Oh, man. She's a Huxley Kitty. She's gorgeous. 
Hey, uh ... Let me ask you something. Did you wash your hands?
Okay, we're going to have to take your prints, okay?
We're going to walk, straight ahead.
I'm Jim Brass. Yes. So, what happened, Nanci?
Oh. Congratulations.
So how'd you bump your noggin?
I bet.
Okay.
Yeah. Nice try, sweetheart.
Unless you're in the will.
Hmm.
Little Miss Chef Lady? Why is that?
You certainly weren't hiding anything back then. Hmm?
Ms. Sanchez, according to your fellow Kitties, you and Huxley had a falling out. It's curious that you didn't mention that.
So, did you and Huxley speak to each other last night?
No. Tell me.
How nice for you. 
So, you're the dead guy?
But why kill Huxley? Why not just her?
So you didn't hear or see anything suspicious?
Is that the register? Give it to me, give it to me.
We got a problem.
Your handwriting sucks. What the hell does this say?
You think?
Hey, Sara.
So ... enjoying the sunshine? 
Oh, I'm not working this. I'm working the double homicide over at the Rancho Center Motel. We're just doing a neighborhood sweep for suspects.  You're new. I'm Jim Brass.
Right. Ronnie Lake. Like Veronica. You know, the actress?
Right.
Yeah, 203-Charlie, I'm on my way. Got to run. Okay.
Alistair Rhodes.
Hey, why don't you guys go super-size those?
So, Reverend, I hear that confession is good for the soul. You have anything to tell me?
You ever been to the Rancho Center Motel?
You ever save these two? 
You know them, don't you?
These people have a daughter, and she's missing. And due to the fact that you're a convicted s*x offender, that means that you better come up with a lot more than these corny priestly homilies and you better come up with them fast.
That's a good idea because you're under arrest.
The Macalinos had two daughters-- Amy and Elizabeth. Elizabeth is dead, and Amy is missing.
Your fingerprints were found at the motel where the Macalinos were murdered.
You know, back before you were saving souls, when you were just molesting children, you had a partner ...
We found male DNA on the bedsheets at the Rancho Center Motel. You got yourself a new partner, just like old times.
Only, this time, the parents busted in on you. That was bad for you, but worse for them. And now that mom and dad are never going to come home, you get yourself a whole new playpen to party in and a new buddy to party with.
No.
Because he's still lying. You're not an ordained minister. You're not a part of any recognized church. You got nothing to hide behind. So avoid the death penalty -- give us your partner, we get the girl, and you get ... redemption.
Well, I'm sure it's not His DNA on those sheets.
Videos one through five. LAWYER: I advised the reverend to document his rituals for situations just like this. He performed a religious service with the full consent of the parents and then he left the motel room.
Look, if you think we're going to fall for that, you have a lot more faith than I thought.
Counselor, is this your idea of cooperation?
Usually guys like you. Look, enough with the Sunday school bull. This meeting is over, the deal is off.
We're charging you with assault.
So you're sure you never saw this guy before?
Camera?
That helps, thanks. Thanks for your cooperation.
Yeah, you get to leave.
Andrew Wolflynn. Bet your friends call you Wolf, huh? So I'm going to call you Wolf. You can call me Jim. 
You know, it's really exciting to meet such a hyphenate. You know what I mean? I mean, you're a triple threat. You know, kidnapper-rapist-auteur. Do you like making movies?
Kiddie p0rn.
No, not just you -- you and a partner.
He shoots, you score.
It must be a really good business. Low budget, high profits ... unless you get caught.
We got your fingerprints, your semen. I mean, we got you in the dead couple's car working to bang their kidnapped daughter. We got ... did I leave anything out? Oh, yeah, we got your gun.
No, you know, we checked the serial number. It belongs to your grandmother. But you know ... and you know, it must be really hard to get that gun off ol' granny.
I'm just checking your shirt size. I might want to give you a Christmas present. 17 1/2, 36. You know what? I was leaving something out, Wolf. We got your shirt soaked not in one but both of the victims' blood. You see, this is what we call slam dunk. You're going to jail. You're going to do time. But why do it alone? Don't be a patsy. Just tell us the name of your partner. Come on, share with a friend. And you know what? You don't even have to tell me his name. All you have to do ... is point.
Hmm?
Come on, you can do better than that.
Let's go! 
Alistair, turn around. Turn around. Now!
Get down on your knees.
Guy in a boat spotted him this morning. No witnesses.
Stabbed and then hanged. I guess he wasn't dead enough.
Well, that's what we're trying to find out.
Mrs. Towne, it would be of help if you could tell me a little bit more about your son Brian.
What about friends? 
Was he depressed? I mean, there's a lot of medications here. Are these Brian's?
Oh. I'm... I'm sorry to hear that.
Did you know a person with the last name Cyden? C-Y-D-E-N? 
So Brian knew him, too?
Mrs. Towne, we think Brian was saving up for a s*x change operation. Were you aware of this?
No, I didn't say that.
Paul Cyden? 
Paul Cyden. I'm Detective Jim Brass, this is Catherine Willows, from the Crime Lab. I'd like to ask you a couple questions about Brian Towne.
When was the last time you talked with him?
Well, it seems to me, according to your messages, Brian was the project.
Look, you can do this the hard way or the easy way. But trust me, we're going to get this done.
Yeah, what's up, Doc?
Okay. If anything of interest pops up, why don't you text me?
Let me ask you something. Why did you offer to pay such a big price for Paul Cyden's house?
I mean, with Brian gone, you're in the clear.
So she's the one you suspect is missing?
I'll take that.
When was the last time you saw her? 
Did anyone see her leave the building?
I'll send a patrol car to her house. You said there was a break in. Why don't you show me?
Now, I know this may come as a shock to most of you, and I'm sorry for your loss. I understand that Weatherly Adams was a long-time member of this company ...
Uh, sir, we just found the body about an hour ago.
We're just beginning our investigation.
Now, I'm going to have to look at your IDs and I'm going to take statements and fingerprints from all of you. And I thank you in advance for your cooperation.
No.
Uh, who are you?
Who's Zarco?
So he's done this before.
Do you have video surveillance by any chance?
Mr. Zarco ... tell me about you and Weatherly Adams.
And you trusted him?
But what?
So you started stalking her.
It is if you break in to do it.
So you came in through the window. Only this time, you got caught. You argued. She told you where to shove your flowers, and you thought to yourself, 'You know, do I really need this aggravation?' So you killed the bitch. I think you killed the bitch.
How should I know? 
Listen, Zarco, you whack job, you'd better focus! You focus.
Listen, buddy ...
So, you acknowledge having s*x with her?
We found traces of your skin under her fingernails. Maybe she wasn't into your 'process,' so you raped her.
You find that funny?
This what you do all day?
That still doesn't explain how your skin got under her fingernails.
Are you trying to make me throw up, Mr. Putrid?
Yeah, a lot of guys tell me that.
I don't know. Probably out for a nice dinner.
We've got nothing on him.
Yeah, get out of here while I'm still in a good mood.
We've got a warrant out for Mason Lafoon. We're looking for him now.
That's you, Mason. All six feet, three inches of you impersonating your brother, which makes you good for Weatherly's murder. You did that one, too, didn't you?
Oh, really? What, she axed herself in the back?
But you made it look like a murder, and then you framed your brother.
Yeah, but for that, you're going to send him to jail for the rest of his life?
Do you realize how much trouble you're in?
Why? What did he have to do with it?
Well, that would explain the animosity.
Jim Brass.
Chopper from the Strip? That's nice. That's my tax dollars at work?
No, but we have an ID on the female -- name is Carmen Davis. According to neighbors, she lives alone. Apparently no kids of her own. But if I find anything out, I'll let you know.
Well, he doesn't look like much, but then again, they never do.
You don't have to be polite, Jack. This is a federal case; you don't need my permission.
How you going to go at him?
Let him go. Look, you want to rendition him to Gitmo, be my guest, but in this house, we play by the rules. Now get your hand off the suspect.
You'll live. The woman these items belonged to is dead, along with a kid.
Shut up. You saw him the night before last. You talk to him? He say anything to you?
Hmm.
Good for you.
This is Captain Jim Brass, LVPD. Would you connect me to the surveillance room, please?
It's Brass.
Listen, the Boulder PD got a call from the principal at the local elementary school. Gina Farentino was supposed to pick up her son, only she didn't show up.
The kid's name is Kobe. Yeah, according to the principal, a guy fitting Wicker's description came and picked him up in the mother's car. He said the kid seemed to know him.
Nick, you in the dorm?
I'm with the resident director. He's ID'd the victim as Kira Dellinger. She's in Room 807. She's a freshman from McLean, Virginia. I guess I'm going to go notify the parents.
Yeah.
We're here to talk to you about Kira Dellinger.
History has a way of repeating itself, Marlon. You've killed before, you know?
Were you having s*x with her, Marlon?
Last night?
So you don't have an alibi.
I don't know, Sara. It's going to be tough to get a warrant.
Look, they had a known sexual relationship, so there's no evidence of rape. And I don't know if you know this, but Marlon's mother and father were killed in a car accident last year. Judge Bowman is going to be very sensitive to that. It could look like harassment.
Wow, you really got it out for this kid. What's the deal here, Sara?
Not according to a jury of his peers.
Excuse me?
Yeah, there usually is. What's your point, Sara?
Mr. Rockwell, do you know this girl?
When was the last time you saw her?
Hmm. Where?
Nice. How did that happen?
So she gave you a roll for old times' sake.
Is this the problem?
Then what? I want to know everything up until the time when you wrapped your car around that telephone pole.
So she was alive the last time you saw her.
She's dead.
Well, he gave it a shot, but she is way out of his league.
Guard found him about an hour ago. Said he didn't even make a sound.
You'll have it by the end of shift tomorrow.
So, you've been pulling a lot of doubles this week.
Have you been in touch with Sara?
So where's she at?
No, I mean -- that's nice. No, but I meant where's she at emotionally? You know, with respect to the two of you.
So speak for yourself.
What, no jelly? We found the peanut butter from inside your glove. It matches the stuff we found on the freezer door handle.
Chunky, right?
Well, not on purpose.
You seem very tense.
Yeah.
... for trace analysis. Hmm. Hodges, who is a genius and tragically underpaid, used the powers of his brilliant mind and the scientific method to discover that the oil that was brushed on the ladder – 
-- was a Teflon-based two-part oil—a gun lubricant.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa. You are tense.
So, where do you think you're going?
Oh. Sit down.
Gun.
See what happens when you get in a high-speed chase with a garbage truck and end up with two dead bodies.
He flew out. At least that's what every eyewitness tells us.
I got no ID on either of the bodies. No ID on the truck. I ran the VIN number and the plates. They're not in the system. Good luck.
Have you ever seen this man? His name is Brody Biggs. He's a mechanic.
Are you sure? We think this is the man that killed your son.
I thought Jason was a club owner.
Well, couldn't be that long ago. Jason was only 27. You have to be 25 to be a limo driver.
You lied about your name.
So you went into witness protection. You changed your identity. And then you stayed in Vegas?
Did Jason have any mob ties?
The last time we talked you said you didn't know Jason's killer.
What about this guy?
That's the same guy. BB is short for Brody Biggs.
Friend? BB was driving one of your husband's old garbage trucks. Your dead son was in the back with the rest of the garbage.  How did BB get the truck?
You got rid of the business. What happened to the trucks?
The owner of Pigalle Boulevard Strip Club.
So did Gedda and BB know each other?
Never what? Never kill your son and dispose of him in one of the trucks you gave him?
When was the last time you saw Gedda?
So you're telling me you haven't seen or spoken to Lou Gedda in 23 years?
Obviously, Lou Gedda is not a man of his word.
My guys are in here at least twice a week.
Never underestimate the power of the ass.
Looking for Lou Gedda.
Gold card.
Well, you don't have to worry about him anymore. He's dead.
Tell me about Jason Crewes. He brings me boatloads of celebrities, which equals boatloads of money. I love the kid. Oh, don't tell me. You think Jason killed BB.?
No, we think BB killed Jason.
How long have you known him?
Jason Crewes' corpse flew out of one of your trucks earlier this morning.
The judge doesn't think the bruises are enough probable cause to issue a warrant.
Greene.
I have no comment.
Go to the undersheriff, see if he can use his influence. But I doubt it.
