And like a blinding supernova, your love is blasting throughout the universe. Two spirits have become one. Earthling to earthling.
... So ... by the power of the sun and the moon and all the planets in the universe, and the great State of Nevada, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss that bride.
There you go.
So the deceased's costume was similar to mine, you say?
Yeah, that's who makes them. I guess I shouldn't be so surprised -- things get stolen from he all the time. Them sci-fi nuts, you know, they're big collectors. 
No, just the ...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yes, never better. You know, I mean, people, they come to Vegas to get rich or to get hitched. I mean, you know, that's not why we do it, though. Is it, honey?
We believe in love, you know, in just whatever form it might take. Are you two married?
No? All right, well, we're open 24 hours. There's a toll-free number right there on the back, all right?  She's gonna getcha.
So as the one and only king of rock and roll, I now pronounce you, husband and wife. You get over there and kiss that bride! All right! There we go!
That's right, that's right.
I mean, come on. That's more than just a scratch. I mean, it's nothing compared to the vandalism or the stress. I mean, come on. It's a war out there, you know? Marriage is money in this town and every chapel owner wants more. I mean, last month, middle of the 'I Do's,' a rock comes flying through my stained glass.
Well, I guess Ed was at war with me.
I mean, I was looking for a truce.
At first I thought that he was ignoring me, and then I remembered about his hearing problem.
Ed, I want to talk to you.
Ed, I want to talk to you.
He was dead when I got there, I swear it. It must have been a heart attack or something. And so I took him out to Area 51 and then I buried him.
Because it's what he would have wanted.
Yeah, well, I mean, it seemed like a good idea at the time, you know? Keep spreading the love.
So, what does that got to do with me?
I think I'm going to be sick. I'm sorry.
