They're in the house. I was asleep.
The kids from the Amber Alert? No, sir. I'm a convicted pedophile. That would be a violation of my parole.
Boys. Pre-teen. I know what you're thinking.
Don't know what woke me up, the smoke or the fire.
Ahh!
Next thing I remember, I was outside, looking up at the paramedics.
I worked from 6:00 until 2:00 p.m., and then I went straight home.
At the feed lot off Highway 111. I've got a Masters in English Literature. I used to teach high school.
Someone set fire to my house. I almost died. Why don't you ask me about that?
My neighbors make it clear every day how they feel about me. I would start with Mr. Hamilton. He threw a rock through my window a few months back when a little girl went missing. Hamilton ... he barely finished high school. He has a lot of displaced anger. 
You're not writing any of this down.
Listen, I've called you guys half a dozen times in the past two years. I've had my house graffitied, my windows broken, my tires slashed.
I've been living right the past five years since I got out of prison. I haven't gone near a child. I go to a support group every week. I've even lectured social workers on how to recognize sexual predators. Ask my parole officer.
Doesn't that count for something?
You want me to go to the station, and repeat all the facts I already told you.
I got to go to the bathroom. You want me to leave the door open?
I'll find something to do.
You want me to help you do your job? Help you find those missing kids?
I may be able to offer some insights. But only if I can talk to the other guy.
I'm a victim of abuse. My older brother. I was eight. He was much older -- sixteen. He was jealous and angry. He wanted to destroy me. It's not offered as an excuse, but it might explain why I'm here with you right now.
I met him in prison. He's an environmental offender. Situational. Only molests members of his own family. Small world -- he's in my support group. 
Your boys are too ripe for him. He likes toddlers. A couple of these guys are mysopeds -- aggressive pedophiles. Some of their pleasures derive from physical violence. They like to molest, then beat, and sometimes kill their victims. But these guys aren't killers.
They've been gone a long time.
Bad news?
I would be studying them. Do they like sports? Comic books? Do they skip school? Have any friends? Good parents, or are they neglected? Unhappy? Angry?
What do you do when you like a woman? It's a game of seduction. Once you know what they like, you make contact. You start slowly, play it cool. Especially with boys. It's about building trust.  Like you're doing with me.
I like all the nightshade vegetables. Are you going to buy me dinner?
Is this turning into an interrogation?
You take a date out to a nice steak dinner. Kids would rather have hamburgers or pizza.
No, I'm talking hypothetically. You must be desperate for a suspect, or a scapegoat. Do you need to give the press something to chew on?
What about the other boy?
In my opinion, if someone killed one boy ... he'd kill them both.
So, you think I got the boys drunk, and then killed them?
One of the lucky ones.
Maybe he stole it.
I don't know. Why don't you ask him? GRISSOM: I will.
Do you get a lot of migraines, Gil? You should ask your doctor for a prescription of sumatriptan. Works for me.
Then let's do it.
No one has told me why I'm being detained.
I was trying to scam my insurance company. I needed the money.
No, I didn't. And you're not charging me for that, so I'm guessing Jason didn't pick me out of the lineup.
If I had killed Lucas, I would have killed Jason.
Lucas was looking for a father. His real one was an accident of biology. His mother was limited, always working. He was lonely. He found me.
Did you know that most parents spend less than twenty minutes a day of quality time with their kids? Lucas was starved for attention. All his mother did was complain about his father and how he'd abandoned them. Do you know what that does to a child?
Lucas and Jason had gotten into it with Jason's grandfather. He knocked the boys around. They ran to Lucas' house, but couldn't get in, so they came to me.
Come on in, guys.
I explained to them that hitting wasn't okay.
I said Jason needed to call his father and tell him what was going on.
But they were too upset. When the grandfather pushed Lucas, he hit his head. I gave him a couple of aspirin.
I couldn't risk it. She might have turned me in.
I didn't touch him. I didn't want to hurt him.
I stopped and bought some whiskey before we picked up the pizza--
They ... they just wanted to try it. I gave them a taste.
They didn't want to go home. They wanted an adventure. I promised them a dollar for every golf ball they brought back. 
Lucas wasn't feeling well, so he stayed in the car with me.
I didn't molest him.
He was hot.
It was innocent. He wasn't feeling well. He laid his head in my lap. I touched his hair. I didn't want to ... I loved him. I loved Lucas, and he loved me.
Lucas?! Lucas!
Jason -- 
Jason!
Hey, what are you doing in there?
You're not listening to me. I didn't want to hurt anyone. I need you to believe me.
You drove him right to me, you b*st*rd! You did this! You did this! 
