You shoot him?
Bike strap ... this isn't our suspect. This is a kid on his way to school. Where's his bike?
Put out a broadcast. Suspect may be on a bicycle. 
Yeah. They claim this other cop shoots the suspect in the back. And not to mention there's a news leak in the hospital.
Hey! Let us do your job here, okay?
Look, these folks were suspicious of the cops long before this happened. Now this is how your circle stories get started.
Geraldo Zamesca. High school football star. Full scholarship to USC. Got a bullet lodged in his spine. Condition's critical.
Not unless his condition improves or he dies. SWAT guys going house-to-house breaking down doors. They're the ones who found him. They were going to blame us for this, too.
Not much to process. Some blood stains off the ground nine-millimeter cartridge case.
Yeah. Danilo Zamesca, a local business man that lives in the 'hood, but dines uptown.
Detective Ortega, Catherine, can you step out for a moment?
Jose Fausto. Identified through prints in the car. He's got a long rap sheet. Dogs lost his scent. SWAT guys checked the building -- nothing. Gang unit's beating the bushes. Word on the street is we shot two unarmed men and a high school kid.
West alley, I got eye-witnesses saw Po-Po plant the gun. East alley, I got an old lady who swears she saw Ricardo Estevez with his hands raised before he was killed. 
I don't know.
Okay, one more thing. The family of Leandro Chavez is suing the department for wrongful death. Claims we delayed treatment.
Uh, yeah, I'm kind of busy -- what is it?
And what?
Let's talk to him.
You know this guy?
He's a cop killer. Gets you nothing.
Hey, man, you don't know what hostile is.
Come on ...
Nine-millimeter?
Who's in the room?
Shh!
Is that him?
Hey, you're gonna wish you kept running. They hate cop killers in Vegas, you hear me? Huh?
We got a jumpsuit just your size, don't worry.
Down! Everybody down! Down!
Hey, listen. One of the officers searching for the shooter found an expended cartridge up there on the seventh floor.
Freemont Street's not far. It makes for an easy escape.
Didn't even bother to pick it up.
Buick Regal, no plates. You run the VIN?
Yeah. It's a good chance this is the car we're looking for.
Yep. Torched it to destroy any evidence. Let's get this thing towed back to the lab, okay?
Mr. Contranos has served time for narcotics possession. He's been deported three times for entering the country illegally. This time, we're going to throw away the key.
