Didn't beep you to say hi.
You were right. It is polarized. Ultraviolet quotient is very high. Glass is from a car windshield.
... then she crawls home, gets on her bed and commits hari-kari?
No.
But ... I can narrow it down to the year it was manufactured. Car companies add more ultraviolet sealants each season to stay ahead of safety standards. Used a comparison study of a car that was made in 2001. 
Your windshield glass is from a 2002 model.
Mm-hmm.
Wools are worsted. 12-ounce weight.
Light ... weave. Mostly for season spanners.
Worsted is predominately used in the manufacturing of suits and light overcoats. The finish on this is trademark coating in high-end suits.
Mmm. I'm not done. There was also blood present on the burnt wool.
It's victim's blood, from your chef. 
I know what you're thinking. Couldn't possibly be his suit. Chefs wear checks and white shirts. But somebody did burn a bloody suit in the restaurant kitchen. A high-end suit.
You have a candidate.
Yeah. Uh, David Hodges. Transferred from LAPD.  They said I had an attitude problem. Said that I thought I was entitled.
The question isn't who -- it's how. As in how do they expect this lab to test forty thousand bottles of overpriced tap water?
Yeah, cyanide and x rays -- that's a lucky break. But any of you geniuses have a 'lucky' test for naratriptamine?
Why are you looking at me?
Yes, you are.
Hey, boss. Just analyzed the evidence found in your vic's rent-a-car.
And that ceramic chip? Not ceramic. It's acrylic with a quartz resin composite used primarily in dental crowns. Cheap ones.
Yeah, thank you. Listen, I'd like to think that and I ...
Contaminated filter papers. So what?
Chloroform, methanol and acetone. I cleaned the pan.
If it was on, it wasn't my fault. That thing gets turned on by accident all the time.
I know what this is. You guys hear the lies and rumors about me from L.A. You know how much Grissom depends on me. So you figure, let's get rid of him. I'll lawyer up before I let you pin the tail on the new donkey.
Evidence. 
Evidence in context. Take a look. 
At Acid Drop.
Now ... take a look at this. I found trace amounts of soil in the orange seeds and the orange peel ... 
... but not on any of the butts.
Probably clears Drake Snow and your unidentified female smoker. Where does that leave you?
The white fibers from the head wound were straight out of any Wal-market. 
Seventy-eight percent cotton, fourteen percent polyester and seven percent nylon elastic.
Yeah, or a bra, pair of socks. The skin discoloration, that was a real challenge. You know, uh, on her forearm. Looked like a birthmark. Yeah, that skin sample was supposed to be sent to histology. Yeah, well, they kicked it back to me. Uh, the coloration was an adulterant. Aluminum chelate of carminic acid.
Since when did you become an insects expert?
Oh. 
No. Uh, so, assuming that she was tattooed in prison, how'd she get a hold of the bugs?
Yeah.
Handled. The substance Grissom scraped off was interior latex house paint with titanium dioxide.
Mm-hmm.
GC/mass spec found no trace of accelerant on the couch residue.
Well, my dear, this is why you should never pick up the couch left for curbside pickup. 
Polyurethane foam. Outlawed in 1988 due to its highly incendiary nature. You light that crap on fire, it heats up, creates a burning pool of liquid, and acts as its own accelerant.
Disaster waiting to happen.
That's the black trace you found in the blood pool. It's a mix of PVC resin and liquid plasticizer. When heated together, they form a solid elastomer film called plastisol.
Mostly Greg Sanders wear. Uh, names, hair band logos, inane sayings, anything that can be put on a t-shirt.
This is the thread you pulled off the runner's body.
Mercerized cotton. Extremely strong.
Fibers are placed in a caustic solution, splitting the fibers apart and providing an increased surface area to absorb the dye. Once it dries, it's exponentially stronger.
This kind of thread is used in machine quilting and embroidery.
I'm dealing with a lot of things today. My phone has been ringing off the hook. CSI is taking a ton of crap because we didn't finish the race. 
That's what I kept telling them, and they tell me, 'good excuse.'
No, you're saying that. I don't get to say that. But somebody else could've pulled the trigger.
I've got a question for you. What substance contains the following ingredients: Sorbitol, cetyl alcohol, isopropyl myristate, glyceryl, stearate, peg-100 stearate, petrolatum, benzylalcohol, titanium dioxide and purified water?
Correct. It's doxepin ointment.
Sounds Klingon, huh? Anyway, uh, it's prescribed by doctors to treat dermatological inflammations caused by contact with certain types of plants. 
Your killer has a rash.
The glass fragments you found at the apartment building are primarily lead-based. Different curvatures and textures with traces of florescent powder, phosphorous and mercury.
I checked out that graveyard once. Pretty interesting.
Your sample's consistent with the glass collected from the first crime scene.
Your smudge from that second kid's shirt -- I got a spectral library match to Sherwin-Williams Everclean Interior paint, navajo white.
I would have mentioned it. Sometimes a paint sample's just a paint sample.
The substance on her hips is suntan lotion. Waterproof, zinc oxide, high SPF.
Mm.
Navicula, hannaea, achnanthes, cymbella.
Yeah, not the free-swimming kind. These are epilithic diatoms. Attached to rocks.
She places herself in a bad situation.
Tape lifts from your suspect's clothing, loaded with paint chips.
Dual layers. The bottom one's burgundy vehicle paint.
Factory pigment used on 1984 Monte Carlo.
In an unprecedented move, whoever it was painted over the burgundy with ... want to venture a guess?
Bright blue house paint.
Maybe he remodeled the breakfast nook and had some left over. Who knows? I don't try to figure out what people do anymore.
Yeah, I know.
There's more plant material here than geological. 
So the vic wasn't buried?
I will. Leaves and needles and dirt -- that's good as a map.
Of all the plant life gathered from the head, the conifers are the key. The one on the left -- abies zasiocarpa. The one on the right is picea engelmannii, engelmann spruce.
Typical for 9,000 feet above sea level. The wood fragments are either cottonwood or aspen. And aspens only grow in areas that have been cleared.
After a major forest fire, manzanita bushes grow like weeds for decades.
Which means that the head was on a damp north-facing slope, at least 9,000 feet up, cleared, but not recently exposed to fire.
Sample's still running through the GCMS. I'll let you know.
Hey, I heard about court today. Must have been embarrassing, huh?
Oh, hey! Hey, boss!
I just ID'ed the substance from Rachel Lyford's wrist. Same substance found on the sheets.
Yeah, about Warrick, what exactly happened in court today? I tried to talk to him, he just shut down.
Uh ... wax.
Uh, still working on that, but I can tell you that it does have a low melting point. The GCMS doesn't have a wax library. I've ordered up a reference from the New Jersey State Lab. Rush.
Yeah, when's a good time?
Have you ever heard of body wax?
This is research. Body wax has been eliminated.
Well, I've I.D.'D the wax. But, per Grissom, I am not allowed to release any of my results except to the lead CSI, and that would be Warrick. I've already paged him.
Axion car wax. Contains carnuba wax, butyl cellusolve and cationic surfactant. Exact same ratio as the exemplars.
The sticky substance in the slide of your gun is tape adhesive. What about the blue coloring? Chloromide M.E.A., Sodium lauryl sulfate, pine oil. Components of your basic bathroom disinfectant.
Whew.
Everybody knows you hold it. 
I like Chandra. She's cute.
Your shovel from the desert? 
Dug into the paint history of somebody's car.
Black enamel undercoats, general motors, '60s vintage. Three layers of primer plus a acrylic top, pink.
Heard you had a real sphincter pucker last night. So what kind of gun are you getting?
Yeah, cops make great targets. Plus, CSIs get shot at all the time, or didn't they tell you?
I got the results on the bin contents.
Are you sure you're okay? You don't look so good. 
I detected mineral oil, titanium dioxide, stearic acid, isopropylpalpitate using polarized light microscopy, GCMS and FTIR.
Burnt sienna foundation. The cheap stuff.
Lead-based paint chips ... last used in 1978.
Which means that sooner or later, you're going to have to be going back out to the hood. Nervous?
Well, you kind of inundated me with work. I should be cranky. But, uh, I don't get cranky. Let's start with the white powder you found on your victim's hands. It's talcum power without the talc.
Talcum powder can contain asbestos fibers. Who wants to put asbestos on their baby? So, today's baby powders are made from cornstarch, and are technically talc-free. Did your victim have her baby with her at the club?
So maybe the baby powder was on her hands when she left the house.
Blue ones have a high twist rate and are composed of nylon and polyester olefins. I'd say synthetic berber. And the red ones are under the scope.
My guess, she was rolling around in someone's trunk.
You bet. It's Wilton wool. Very high-end. And given the unique shade of red, I'd say that you're looking at the world's fastest four-seat coupe: the Bentley Continental GT.
Ready?
The baddest ass in Vegas had diaper rash. The sample that Doc Robbins collected from between his legs at autopsy: Brenner's ointment, used expressly for that purpose.
Same deal. 
Hmm?
You couldn't pay me enough to rub ointment on some old guy's butt rash.
I'll take incontinence for $200, Alex.
And the stomach contents. All milk. You get any Tox back?
Really?
I had the distinct pleasure of testing all the modes of ingestion from the nursery. Most people take acid on their tongue. Bruce ...
And people call me a**l. 
Take a look.
Based on birefringence, your fiber's the product of a bivoltine moth.
Fine. Acid washed, dyed, tasar silk. Color's unique. Not found in our database or the feds.
That's it.
Even I have off days, Sara.
Yeah, Mia sent me that wad of hair that you pulled out of the hotel drain.
It's coated in bleach. I'm thinking the killer must've poured the stuff down the drain. Really compromised the trace.
No, uh, I called you to discuss the bleach. The hairy wad smelled a bit woodsy to me. Which is odd, considering it should only smell like bleach. 
That disgust you?
Hm. Anyway, um, I analyzed the bleach.  It contains a cedar additive. Thought you'd want to know.
Sure, Gil.
You alternate hands when you double glove?
If you alternate, there's more contact between the exposed latex of the first glove and atmospheric microbes.
What?
Yeah, in five. I'm in the middle of the rest of my life.
I'll be back.
Good thing you didn't have to take a spelling test to work the field.
'Funtain' water?
All bodies of water contain unicellular algae.
Well, you're roughly right. Here, take a look.
The diatoms on the left are from the water found in your victim's lungs and the diatoms on the right are from the fountain. Not a match.
I'll throw you a bone.
The water from the fountain is heavily chlorinated. No, she didn't blow me off. I didn't ask her out. But this sample, found in your vic's lungs, contains polymethylhexalene biguanide ... and anyway, I heard she blew you off first. It's a chlorine alternative. It's less irritating.
Or a spa ... and by the way, that's spelled S-P-A in any language.
Nick, that black powder from the back of the van is ink. A toner made exclusively for commercial copy machines. OCE 3600.
You better get ready for this because this is going to blow you away. The rust-colored material you found on the victim's head wound ... was rust. Plain old ferric oxide, found on nearly every iron object on the planet earth. Case breaker? No? As they say, 'garbage in, garbage out.'
