Oh, the staff always gets Thursday nights off. I-I-I don't get what the mystery is here. He was murdered. Some guys collect art. Bruce collected enemies.
And what is that supposed to mean?
All right, please, you're making me feel old. Call me Donna.
He wasn't wearing them when he died, was he?
Oh, that's what this is all about. No, no, I-I pulled in. I saw Bruce lying there naked. I knew that the news was on its way over here. I didn't want the whole world to see him like that.
Yes, yes. I turned him over. I put his shorts on. What, is-is dignity a crime?
Please stop? What, am I supposed to look at his blood? Do I need this?
It's never enough.  When you put up with things that nobody else would and he stills wants more. I mean, just how low are we supposed to sink?
What's your name?
You know, Catherine, this whole, um, sisterhood thing that you're trying to get going here, it's just really not working for me. You can't con a con, sweetie.
Fine. I was, uh, playing canasta at the club, like I do every Thursday night. I come home. I pull into the driveway, and-and there he was.
Uh, more like encouragement.
He had a broken neck. If he'd lived, he would've been a quadriplegic.
Oh, bathe him, feed him, change his diapers. 
Look-- love, honor, cherish. Diapering was never on the list.
Oh, I didn't. Look, I'm sorry, but ... you can't have s*x with a man after you've seen him ... after you've seen him behave like that. So in order to save our marriage, we had, uh, an arrangement. On Thursday nights, I go to the club with my friends. He hires a baby-sitter.
No, women in my position have been looking the other way for years. I just had... something a little stranger to look away from.
Nobody leaves Bruce.
No. He'd already fallen when I found him. I turned him over. I watched him die.
I got rid of the diaper.
I rolled up the carpet.
I changed my clothes.
Then I called 911. And I should've left him in the damn diaper. I don't know what I was protecting.
Look, my husband did not commit suicide. So why don't you just find the guy who did, and I will write him a big, fat check.
