Yes, Ms. Stern was in my care.
Uh, I ablated her liver spots three days ago. Checked on her yesterday at the Mediterranean. I applied post-op ointment to prevent scabbing and infection.
She seemed, uh ... in good spirits.
Well, post op, the patient's skin is very red and raw. It's really quite ugly, to be blunt. Most patients prefer to minimize the amount of time they spend in recovery.
It's perfectly safe.
Oh, I'm sorry, but her file contains medical history of the family. I would be breaching doctor-patient confidentiality if I let you have that.
Excuse me?
Well, she's a very beautiful woman. You have Venus de Milo aesthetics.
I'd appreciate that. 
My clients swear by it. Let's go to my office.
Yeah. It's my own formulation, and I can assure you that it's perfectly safe.
So is botox. But 2.2 million people had injections last year. And foxglove is a deadly plant that also doubles as a cardiac medication.
Well, arsenic, in extremely small doses, fights premature aging by improving skin elasticity.
Look, even if Ms. Loakes and Ms. Stern drank a whole case of that spray, the arsenic content wouldn't be lethal.
I did a course in holistic medicine a couple of years ago.
Medical School left me with a lot of debts and with HMOs cutting their fees, my practice was barely breaking even.
You know, th-the whole profession is changing.
Doctors have to seek out their patients. The HMOs don't recognize aging as a disease, so I'm free to charge whatever the market will bear.
With a 100% mortality rate. Aging wreaks havoc with every one of our systems: Respiratory, cardiovascular, nervous, musculo-skeletal and immune.
Righteous indignation. That's one step before acceptance.
What I do. The, uh ... procedures and products. You've seen the ads in all the beauty magazines. You've studied all the before and after photos. It's okay, Ms. Willows. We'll all get older, and nobody wants to look their age. I give you what you need. I give you what you want.
Medicine is about hope. And like any good doctor, that's what I sell.
Yeah, both of whom looked in the mirror ... and wanted to turn back time.
All procedures carry a risk.
