Okay.
I'm the pastor of the church.
Thank you.
Father Frank Berlin.
Been serving breakfast at the shelter. I understand there's been a death in the church. How soon before you're out of here?
It's just we hold mass at ten o'clock.
Is it all right if we set mass in the community center?
Sister, would you tell the choir we'll be singing 'In Paradisum.'
We sing the hymn for the dead every time we have a death.
Sorry. I didn't mean to sound cavalier. It's just we've had over half a dozen deaths this year. We've never had to close the church.
Yeah. We had a fight in the shelter. I had to break it up.
No, you can't have my clothes.
When will I get those back? I only have three sets of clothes.
And that's why it's so difficult to keep the local kids from defacing this statue. Did you run those tests on my clothes?
So do I get my clothes back?
You steal my clothes and then you want to ask for another favor?
Just because someone dies in our church doesn't mean we have anything to do with it.
That's what you said when you fingerprinted us, and the truth is you don't have enough for a warrant.
You really think if I killed a woman, I'd leave her body in my own church?
Mmm, I'm not that smart.
What is it you're looking for?
That's all right, Sister. We don't have to hide anything from Mr. Grissom. Uh, he's here to confiscate our rosaries. I don't know where mine are. Do you?
Happy day for Sister Elizabeth, for she delights in what she dislikes.
Yes.
After I saw Charlotte's body, I don't recall being asked any questions. Um, uh, maybe I said 'no' to what I was seeing. I don't really remember much about yesterday.
I was at the shelter.
Because I wasn't there past midnight.
One of our regulars, Marty, came in high on crack. He got into an argument, a fight with one of the other men, and I ...
Uh, it was late. I don't wear a watch. We had to call the paramedics; you can check with them.
I was out with Marty trying to walk off his high to keep him out of trouble.
I-I don't know.
Well, then put me in jail. I'll still be doing exactly the same work I'm doing out here with exactly the same results.
No, no, she didn't. She must've got that out of my office at the shelter. I took it off Marty.
Go ahead and ask the question you really want to know.
I'm responsible for her murder. I could never do that.
Well, in my world, you can be both.
Putting my love for Charlotte above my love for God.
I was leaving because I loved her, and I wanted to be with her in all ways. Her dying doesn't change that. I still love her.
I talked to the monsignor. It's a complicated process, but I told him I'm leaving.
I prayed about it. What came to me was that God is love. Wherever there is true love, God is, as well. I have to follow my heart.
And we only made love once, but in the wake of that, I found the husband in me, the father in me. I wanted to be those men for her. And I always loved her.
A child is always welcome.
You know I can't discuss that.
You know, in Vegas, it's routine to hear the most heinous sins, and as a priest, you listen, and in Christ's name, you forgive.
That's Christ's mandate. You know what that means.
