I didn't page you.
You're checking up on me again.
You think if you hover, the FTIR will work faster?
Hey, boss.
Nice timing.
It may be pure, but it's not solid. Micro-pores. Sample's under the scope.
Spiral gouges. Check it out.
Give me more time -- I'm not a miracle worker.
I wasn't being 'rude', I was being 'curt'. 'Rude' would be, 'When I know, you'll know.'  Friends?
More specifically, crystallized calcium fluoride.
Please. I.R. says 'fluorspar'. I say 'high-end optics'.
Ran your paint chips through ppg and Dupont. Got a hit. Aegean Blue Honda Accord.
They carried it over for four years. Go figure. I'm a teal man myself. You? 
Stupid question. Anyway, model years '84 to '87. 
Sure.
The fragment you found at the scene? It's a mother of pearl. It could be from an ornament or a piece of jewelry.
Yeah, that it could, Mr. Proficiency. 
I also I.D.'d the ash on the floor. Perique tobacco, grown in only one spot on earth: St. James Parish, Louisiana.
No, completely different make. Cheap, strong, low-grade stuff.
Yeah. How'd you know?
Bad habit, even for a fictional character.
Hey, you guys still working on that mass-grave theory?
You know what I like about flesh decomposing in soil? It's predictable.
The constituent elements diffuse into the ground over time.
The longer they're there, the lower the concentrations. I tested the soil samples Nick took from around each body. Curly Sue was on the bottom for at least five years, and Flat Sally was on top for only two. 
That poor kid has been working her tail off. Only fair, considering how DNA gets most of the glory these days.
Of course. 
The dark hairs you found on Morgan Stewart's bed were not a match to his wife. Pretty bold, to bring another woman into his matrimonial bed. Begging to get caught.
This is the broken glass and paper found on the floor of the master bedroom.
Yes, but what kind?
Notice how the gradations are broken down by tenths of a degree?
Correct. It's a BBT, a Basal Body Temperature thermometer, used by women to pinpoint a temperature spike that occurs ...
With no clue as to what her husband was doing when she was out of the house.
The oily stain you collected from the Hummer's air bag was, ironically enough, oil. More specifically, lard. 
Several different types, actually, so I ran an ELISA to differentiate. Pork, beef, chicken and possibly human flesh. A real taste treat. It's all been cooked up, so I doubt we'll get any DNA.
What are you thinking about?
What do you want?
I'm looking for leaks.
If you knew the kind of stuff that grows in these pipes, you'd be on your hands and knees with me.
Fine. I found several substances. Nonoxynol-9 spermicide.
Also found traces of pvp, sorbitol, carbomer, hydroxypropylcellulose -- probably a hair gel.
Not my job. And last, the brownish-orange substance on the vic's fingers, chest and shoulders: instant tanning lotion.
Did you say rhizopus oryzae?
Copy that. Trace on the syringes was deca-durabolin, sustanon and oxandrolone.
Immune suppression is a common side effect.
And what's even more sick is that rhizopus oryzae likes to grow on human tissue.
Mold grows outward as spores reproduce and are carried away from the source.
If you pinpoint the source of the human tissue, that should tell you something.
Well, according to tox, junior was a boozer. BAC three times the legal limit.
How old were you when you first got drunk?
Amortized over a generation, 12's about right?
Pre-school graduation parties are going to be off the hook.
But Chase's party was just getting started. Tape lifts were a cornucopia. Hairs: Caucasoid, mongoloid, negroid. And feline and canine. 
As for fibers, we have cotton, wool, polyester, and someone brought lycra.
No. I tested that. It came back clean.
As I've often said, that's your job.
Would you ever bleach your hair? 
I wouldn't. It's so Greg Sanders.
Most of the hair is the vic's, but I also found that bleached sample as well. In my continuing quest to further my standing, I took it upon myself to get you the tox report.
You're welcome. Blood came back with pretty hefty levels of olanzapine.
Good for drooling. And also there's the, uh, not so potent smattering of ibuprofen.
That's it.
If I were institutionalized, I think I would hope for something better. Clonazepam, maybe.
What, you, uh, think I'm crazy?
Do I look clairvoyant?
Results from Alice Granger's jacket. Found trace elements of iron, chromium, manganese and carbon.
More specific, automotive sheet metal. The metallic balls would've been released into the air during the welding process.
Yes ... maybe. Turns out that the victim worked in a car dealership, so she could've gotten metal balls on the job. And just in case you're wondering, working here, I'm developing them too. 
'The nose' has arrived.
It's a blessing and a curse.
Hints of stale beer and ... cheese whiz. But I don't smell any cyanide.
Anytime.
Just so you know, I moved all your trace evidence up to the top of my pile.
Huh. Low in nicotine, high in furfural. I compared it to other tobacco samples from the exemplar collection. It's consistent with the Perdomo Reserve brand. I took the liberty of calling a cigar society. They referred me to the Vegas distributor. Spoke to him directly. Perdomos are very high-end.
Actually, yeah. Conrad was about to pat me on the back.
I have a number.
Yes.
The object of the game is to be the first one to make it to Uncle Jesse's farm without running into Roscoe. Now, there's two ways to do that. You can either take the dirt road or the highway. Dirt road is slower because you can only roll with one dice, but it's safe because you don't run into any of the Hazzard cards that you would find on the highway, right? 
But when you are on the highway, you get to roll two dice, which makes you go faster. 
Pretend I'm gonna take the highway, so I'm gonna move General Lee eight spaces.  One, two, three, four, five ... eight. 
I hit a Hazzard card.  'Cooter splashes mud on your windshield.'
Think you got it?
All right, cool.
You know, far be it from me to wax nostalgic, but, uh, I kind of miss the old Greg. Ugly t-shirts, goofy hair, semi-pornographic magazines ...
Duke cards are good. You want one of those 'cause it gets you through the dirt road a lot faster.
Correct.
Nice.
Oh, and by the way, uh ... this is just the work me. You haven't had the full David Hodges experience.
I'm using your track and wheelbase measurements plus or minus five percent to account for rain-shadowing and/or drying effects.
Don't touch the edge of it!
Security! Security!
Hold still. Hold still. Hold still.
Guy comes in here with a package with no return address.
Way the guy was pawing that envelope, I figure I better get it away from him before he wipes off all the trace.
It's about Nick.
Now, what are those?
Hmm.
Yeah. Hey, boss ...
That's great. Wai-wait. Don't-don't hang up. Just-just listen.
Those dimples on the bottom of the prototype. GCMS found traces of semtex on each one.
The object of the game is to be the first one to make it to Uncle Jesse's farm without running into Roscoe. Now, there's two ways to do that. You can either take the dirt road or the highway. Dirt road is slower because you can only roll with one dice, but it's safe because you don't run into any of the Hazzard cards that you would find on the highway, right? 
But when you are on the highway, you get to roll two dice, which makes you go faster. 
Pretend I'm gonna take the highway, so I'm gonna move General Lee eight spaces.  One, two, three, four, five ... eight. 
I hit a Hazzard card.  'Cooter splashes mud on your windshield.'
Think you got it?
All right, cool.
You know, far be it from me to wax nostalgic, but, uh, I kind of miss the old Greg. Ugly t-shirts, goofy hair, semi-pornographic magazines ...
Duke cards are good. You want one of those 'cause it gets you through the dirt road a lot faster.
Correct.
Nice.
Oh, and by the way, uh ... this is just the work me. You haven't had the full David Hodges experience.
I'm using your track and wheelbase measurements plus or minus five percent to account for rain-shadowing and/or drying effects.
Don't touch the edge of it!
Security! Security!
Hold still. Hold still. Hold still.
Guy comes in here with a package with no return address.
Way the guy was pawing that envelope, I figure I better get it away from him before he wipes off all the trace.
It's about Nick.
Now, what are those?
Hmm.
Yeah. Hey, boss ...
That's great. Wai-wait. Don't-don't hang up. Just-just listen.
Those dimples on the bottom of the prototype. GCMS found traces of semtex on each one.
The hair on the right is a human hair. The hair on the left is from your five-year-old crime scene. Given the big fat medulla, I'd say canine, and given its coarseness ... I'd say it could be a poodle or a Portuguese water dog.
Mm-hmm. They were found on fishing vessels in the 1800s.
Yeah, they're from a dog. Very obvious under the microscope.
Ecklie was so pissed when I told him about these hairs.
Yeah. He's a friend. I sent him a card for his promotion. The guy was very touched by my thoughtfulness.
Oh.
The, uh, treadmark on your trailer wall is consistent with Michelin
You got a real thing for blue paint. You know that? But, uh, this isn't from a Ford Ranger, or any Ford for that matter. It's a GMC paint.
GCMs on the melted gloves from your Grand Am. A delicious confection of sugar, gelatin, starches, citric acid, mineral oil, red 40, yellow 5, blue 1 and carnuba wax.
Gummy candy. I'm partial to Jujubes myself. Is it something I said?
Oh, hey, Nick. Did you hear you had a visitor?
I'll just drop everything I'm doing. Priority, Nick Stokes.
We want to see the Wolfman.
Wow. And I thought Robin Williams had hairy arms.
Is it soft like fur or ... ?
Relax, Dave. It's not every day that Chaka ends up on a slab.
Fine, but if I get a Sleestak in my lab, and you want to see it, I'm gonna get cranky.
Oh, good, you're here. I love an audience.
I compared pebbles from the crime scene to the pebbles from Dan Nobler's doormat. They're consistent with each other -- a composite commonly known as pea gravel. The pebbles weren't the only trace elements I found in that doormat. I also found several slivers of glass ... glass consistent with a broken window.
Hey.
Oh, I was just thinking of the Howling II: The Werewolf Bitch. I don't care what anyone says. It was much better than the first one.
Yeah, yeah. I got the whole anthology. Want to borrow it?
Right. Simple clamshell mold.
Ninety-two point five percent pure with trace amounts of copper, nickel and chromium lead.
And sterling silver has a high melting point. Someone went through a lot of trouble to make it.
Your victim did not have GSR on his hands.
Thank you, Hodges, for performing that incredibly elaborate test requiring copious concentration and an advanced degree.
But I will. That's the beauty of me.
As much as I love your generalizations, actually, this time you're wrong. The metallic scrapes on the garage floor were titanium. The phone guy's tool was carbon steel.
Handkerchief is linen. Edging appears to be hand-stitched. Pretty nice rag to be wiping a gun off with.
Yeah. And the diphenylamine test was also positive for oxidizers and partially burned gunpowder. Uh, negative for prints or DNA.
This isn't what it looks like. I actually like my gray hair. The few that I have. 
The ring?  The ring. The ring was positive for GSR.
Paint scrapings from your vic's bumper are consistent with a '91 to '96 blue Ford.
Yeah, but the car you're looking for is also a piece of crap.
Actually, take a look.
A mixture of rustoleum and house paint. The killer's car had exposed primer. Swanky.
Oh. Hey, Grissom, I just ID'd those fibers you found on Ally Sullivan's necklace. 
They were not from her jacket or her dress. They're made of lambskin and rabbit fur. You know, just between you and me, I used to carry a rabbit's foot. I mean, I'm not superstitious. It's just, I figure why take the chance?
Told you it was a piece of crap. 
I have an update for you. The burned gloves that Nick submitted are lambskin lined with rabbit's fur. They're consistent with the fibers found in Ally Sullivan's necklace.
Mm-hmm.
Roof trace analysis. Afraid it's not going to be very helpful.
Polyethylene plastic.
I hope that's not all you got.
Okay.  That'll take a laser ablation test. That's good.
Well, laser ablation is both visual and dramatic.
I would think that they would be looking for me.
Yeah, but when they cut it together, it'll only take thirty seconds.
Ran laser ablation on the duct tape samples.  Not a match.
Mm-mm.
White powder was primarily biological, so I kicked it back to DNA. It did contain some glassy particles. Might be industrial diamonds.
My next priority.
That's a waste of film.
Certainly.
Um ... 
According to the gas chromatograph mass spectrometer, the glossy red drop you found on the footboard was ... nail polish.
What is far more intriguing is the reflective yellow flakes. Follow me to the Fourier transform infrared microscope.
Nothing.
As you can see, the flakes are fluorescent reflective lenses bonded to an aramid backing by a special polymer layer. And it's used exclusively in the reflective trim of firemen's turnouts.
Hmm ...
Anytime.
Hey, Nick.
Matches the site of the body dump.
So does this make Doogie Howser-ette your killer?
Don't be so sure. It's not easy.
Being profoundly gifted, knowing that everybody knows that you're always ten steps ahead of them. It's a lot of pressure.
Some days you feel like you're just going to snap.
Hello?
I'm on it.
Ah, teen lust. Starts with some chemistry, and then you mess around with some biology, and once you have some experience 'under your belt,' then you introduce the physics. 
Apparently, chivalry is not dead: The bloody fingerprint tested positive for nonoxynol spermicide.
You could flip a coin.
I see. Well ... Thank you, Warrick.
I was with Conrad and the mayor at the City Council budget meeting, requesting more funds for you slackers.
Au contraire. 
Multitasking is my forte. In fact, I shared your results with the City Council.  Fine crime fighting, courtesy of your Trace Lab. 
The gold flecks that you pulled from the cash register was iron pyrite, commonly known as 'fool's gold.'
It's also known as 'prosperity dust.' It could be for good luck.
Sorry. I just started seeing someone. Had a bit of a late night. Let me ask you something. How do you know when it's gone from just friends to more than?
She is making dinner for me this weekend.
Do her roommates count?
The splinter from your vic's eye has four distinct layers: polycarbonate plastic, aluminum, acrylic and dye. Being an audiophile, I prefer the sound of vinyl.
I was just having the greatest dream.
It was the '80s and I had this Don Johnson beard, you know, the Miami Vice stubble. It just gave me this air of danger. My lady loved it.  Um, I found two types of fibers on your guy's chin: cotton and a polyester-Lycra blend. Both dyed black.
Your steel rod is part of a custom hydraulic cylinder. Size and shape is a match for a brand called 'Red's.'
Hmm. 
Also found paint traces on the rod. Color is Chesapeake Blue Pearl. It's from a Dupont line called 'Brilliantz.' Mostly used on show vehicles. Red's auto parts are individually serialized. Shouldn't be too hard to find out where it was sold.
A'ight, G, so ... 
I know every piece of evidence regarding this case is precious, given the circumstances, so I just wanted to let you know that I've moved Ms. Chase's fingernail scrapings to the top of my extensive queue. Composite substance. You're never going to believe this.
How did you know?
You know, you and me, we're not the marrying kind. The intricacies of our nature can never be understood by just one woman.
I got the results from Mama Chase's suit jacket.
Hair gel.
The trace for your vic's jacket pocket was primarily talc.
No. Take a look.
It's a mixture of silica and axolite, two abrasives. But when found with talc, it suggests only one use.
In 1897, William Spinks received a patent for what came to be known as
You may be surprised to know that cue-tip chalk does not contain chalk at all; it is a mixture of axolite and silica.
The abrasives give grip to the tip when it hits the ball.
Mmm ...
Where do you go in this town to shoot stick with a hot blonde and a Ferrari?
White residue on your guy's so-called waist was topical cortisone, prescription strength. 
He was doing more than scratching. Topical doesn't get absorbed into the bloodstream. But Henry says that the guy's blood was flooded with cortisone.
I'm a 32-incher myself. Same as in college.
Women aren't the only ones who feel the pressure to look good. Time was, having a rotund belly was a sign of prosperity and success. Now it just means you're a lazy glutton, not getting any.
The fibers from the victim's long johns are consistent with the fibers found in the burned-up clothes.
Raw wool, dyed grey.
No one from my database. But I did find pomegranate berry extract used to turn wool dye in the 1800s. 
Means that the fabric was old. Vintage clothing, maybe?
I'm only one highlygifted person. 
I'll let you know.
Your black-and-white particles were composed of plagioclase, biotite, hornblende and pyroxene.
You remember your geology.
Lucky guy.
Made a few calls. There's only one slab yard in Clark County that works with diorite. It's on Alonzo Avenue across the street from the old theater.
Your white blouse. The results are printing.
It seems like you and Grissom were having a fairly intense conversation. Can I ask ... ?
I ran the S.E.M. over the adhesive disks and confirmed gunshot residue.
Well, it's not blood, it's not rust.
In an alley off Third.
You'd be the one to know about rashes.
Oh, hey, Greg. Been on vacation?  Look, I know the undersheriff's on your back, so I figured I better get to you quick.
Found red clay chips and dust in the gouges on Ricardo Estevez's .45. 
He was the guy that was in the east alley with Brass.
Traces consistent with roof tiles and clay pots.
That would be no one. Trace evidence is fresh, so it definitely came from the alley. In a crisis, you can always count on me.
Yes, sir.  Right here.
It's red clay.
Actually, they're Bobby Dawson's guns. He made me sign for them -- I'm sure he wouldn't appreciate if we brought them back damaged.
Just for the record, I've never really been good at sports.
I found scratches and red clay dust in the suspect's 5.
I'm only a soldier in this war. The general gave me an order, and I followed it.
I've finished checking this batch for trace.
I got blood.
Expended bullet, Torres house, candle in the living room.
Silvery material on your vic's face was graftobian theatrical makeup. Moonlight Silver is the color.
Okay, look, I can't stand the smell of hot dogs. They make me sick.
Among other things. You know what the worst kind of burp is? Hot dog burp. You know, like your dad's just letting them loose, or maybe the ex-girlfriend ... 
Well, as you can see, he wasn't much of a chewer, which was very lucky for us. Made it easier to identify the food. Cake, mac and cheese, pretzels, pasta, beef, shrimp, fish and, of course, hot dogs.
In two to four hours before he died.
Approximately twenty.
No. Believe it or not, most hot dog companies are very proprietary over their recipes.
Oh, yeah, sure. I'll just run it through the hot dog appliance database.
You think that's weird? Check this out.
This was in his stomach, too.
I'm not done with your samples, okay? And I just received the fingernail scrapings.
DNA kicked them over to me. There were no biologicals in the sample.
That, I have done. All the hairs lifted off the victims' clothes were consistent with each other. There's a sample under the scope.
Root is shaped like a spade which is indicative of canine, and the scale pattern is consistent with a golden retriever.
Well, if you'd cracked that mystery at the scene, you would've saved me a lot of time.  I've been working like a dog.
Well, I had hamsters growing up. My mother hated them. She said they stank up my room, but I just loved to watch them spinning on their little wheels. One day I came home and they were gone. Somehow they'd gotten out of their cage.
They ran away.
I heard your case has gone to the dogs.
Play nice, I'm throwing you a bone. The fingernail scrapings from your female vic was baking grease.  How does that fit in the puzzle?
The green powder on your vic's dress is open-celled phenolic foam, holds more than forty times its weight in water. Reminds me of this girl I knew in college--
She was a florist. The foam's used almost exclusively in floral arrangements.
Ah, the old flower delivery trick. Works every time.
I perfected my butterfly technique on chicken breasts. I sauté them in a chardonnay reduction with herbes de provence. Drives women wild. 
No. 'Open sesame.'
I live to serve.
The green trace on your old lady.
Adipic acid, disodium phosphate, sodium citrate, fumaric acid, Yellow
Oh, come on. There's always room for it.
Jell-O. Lime Jell-O.
I tell you what. You tell me why.
Whoo, whoo-whoo!
Yeah, but it's Locomotive-ville. 
Sorry. Thought you might be a member.
I saw an approved leave of absence form on Ecklie's desk. Don't worry, I didn't say anything to anyone else. Did you think that you were going to teach at my alma mater in the dead of winter without warm clothes?
Graduate school. Undergraduate was all about the Bay State. Crazy times, my friend, crazy times. Those Hampshire girls down in Amherst? Insane.
You're welcome.
What are you teaching?
Excellent. Yeah, I don't know what college was like for you, but for me it was a new beginning, a chance to reinvent myself. For the first time in my life, I felt like I fit in. Not like now. I mean ... you and I are close, but sometimes I just don't think the others get me.
He's kind of busy.
Oh. When you get a chance, hit the Purple Pint. Ask for Cookie. Tell her Davey Hodges sent you. Drinks'll be on the house. 
Yeah.
You rang?
Well, what is this?
Those look like rat droppings.
Are you familiar with the hantavirus? Carried by rodents, transmitted to humans when they inhale vapors from contaminated urine, saliva or feces. That crap will kill you.
If I start leaking blood from my eyeballs, I'm blaming you.
That's K-E-P-P-L-E-R, Michael Keppler. 
Yeah, check it out. Okay, I got to go.
Ten to one, it's Internal Affairs. Got a vibe off Keppler the minute he blew in. Always with a suit. If you got any dirty laundry, I hope you used bleach.
FYI, Bobby Dawson is a bit of a control freak. Doesn't like anyone in here unsupervised. So he got one accidental discharge on his record. I'm sure he doesn't want another one. Unless ... of course, this is an IA investigation, and, uh, Bobby is his subject. 
Interesting that Grissom, champion of the little guys, is on sabbatical.
Hey, how's the king of property crimes? My socks keep disappearing in the dryer. You want to tackle that one?
That's not your cup. It's from Catherine and Warrick's 420.
Same everything. Watch the news lately?
Hey, what about my socks? They're not gonna find themselves.
You running your own samples? Smart, considering that you're the odds-on favorite in the IA pool.
Oh, yeah.
That would be me.
Grissom.
Well, looks like your killer wigged out on your vic.
Use the polarizer. The pink fiber's modacrylic with low birefringence. Most likely made of elura.
And the substance you found in the toilet -- if it looks like vomit and smells like vomit, it is.
There are no words to describe how glad I am you're back.
The lab almost went to hell in a handbag while you were sabbaticalling. I'm sure you talked to Catherine, but just in case you didn't ... lot of hurt feelings, so in case you talk to Nick ...
Fair enough, but, uh, permit me to say that the 'Seasonal Behaviors of the Walden Pond Swamp Mosquito' was an incredibly stimulating seminar.
I took your course online. It's free to alumni.
Seven-four-three. I aced the final, didn't I?
Hey, boss. We're ordering out for breakfast.
Mr. K. Kobayashi-Maru. It's in reference to ...
My little Kobe? No way. Vegas is coyote country.
Tsk, tsk. Looks like he's been in the milk.
So they're going to be poisoned.
Well, you can't figure that out on an empty stomach. If you don't like this restaurant, there's plenty of others to choose from.
In.
So, she wasn't poisoned, huh?
Nice lungs.
I feel for the guy, but he just made our job a lot harder.
Trace report on the second crime scene or ... or should I say second murder? Crime scene is the same. 
Haven't finished processing all the samples, but the water from the vase is consistent with the water found on the victim's clothing.
I knew you'd ask that. Well, I had this girlfriend who was a florist ...
You remembered. Anyway ... she said that if you add a few drops of bleach to your water, it kills bacteria, and gives your flowers a nice long life, but add too much ... the flowers die.
I'd know those footsteps anywhere. The glass you found on the track is optical glass. Camera lens, not spectacle. Camera lenses have one side that's round and one side that's flat for a high refractive index.
It also has magnesium fluoride and calcium fluoride coatings for anti-reflection. 
You're looking for a high-end, non-compact camera -- Nikon, Leica, or Canon -- that's missing its lens.
Sara, the knife tip Doc Robbins extracted from Becca Mayford isn't metal, it's ceramic ... and extremely sharp. I accept your thank you in advance and you're welcome.
Hello? Uh, no, ma'am, Libby's not here. My name is David Hodges. I work for the Las Vegas Crime Lab. Well, ma'am, uh ... I can't really say ... but I can give you the number of someone who can. 
Did your daughter Libby wear a heart-shaped necklace? 
Y-Y-Yes, yeah, I-I'm still here. Uh, ma'am ... I don't know quite how to say this, but, um ... I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Ran a laser ablation on the knife tip from Becca's spine. Zirconium oxide, otherwise known as ceramic. Basically, ceramic is glass. Both the exemplar that you got from the reporter and the murder weapon have the same composition, color, texture and thickness.
You find me the broken knife, and I'll match the tip.
Nothing.
You ever do the right thing and still feel guilty about it?
Yeah.
I was right. This is a lot like garbage colleting.
I have no intention to. Field rotation for the lab techs was Ecklie's idea. He was very explicit that I was only allowed to observe.
A little help?
Or a coffee shop. I could drink an espresso out of that thing.
No, I had to catch up on my Perez Hilton.
Let's see: Clean, friendly lab -- bullet-strewn, urine-soaked street -
Oh, most definitely. I ID'd the serial number on the piece of plastic Warrick found in the street.
It's a GMC seatbelt adjuster. Keeps the shoulder harness webbing from rubbing on the neck.
Sure do. But I don't think it's gonna help you much.
That's it.
Oh, thank you, but there's no drinking or eating allowed in the lab.
My bad.
Did you run out of proper swabs?
What's the case number?
Four crime scene miniatures, four murder victims, and one diabolical killer with an obsessive streak who still remains at large. I don't know if any of you have noticed how distracted Grissom's been lately, but it's these. Keeping him up at night.
Of course. Grissom could use some fresh eyes on the case, and that's why I've asked you here. Obviously, this could be perceived as insulting to the CSIs who formerly worked the case, so secrecy is of the utmost importance. Double-down low.
Four people are dead, the killer is still out there, and you're mocking?
Ah. You in or out?
We'll review.
And by work, you mean IM'ing your Icelandic pen pal who thinks that you look like Warrick Brown because that's the picture you posted.
I just know. Archie, in?
Miss Mockery?
It's not always what you look at that matters; it's what you see.
Oh, is it? Hmm.
The answers lie in these.
We're lab techs. We think differently than field guys. They deal with people, we deal with things. Maybe we can't find the killer, but I think we can find the thing that links all four murders. This is an opportunity. We have one shift to show Grissom what we're made of. Tonight, we could be heroes.
It's time to think outside the box.
The first miniature was found at the crime scene seven months ago.
The victim is Izzy Delancy, washed-up rock star. Blunt force trauma to the back of the head.
Bonked with a rolling pin, found in the drawer at the scene.
Izzy didn't have any known stalkers, and there was no forced entry. Suspects include his first wife, his current wife, the nanny he was schtuping and his teenage son.
And-or money. Izzy's music library was for sale. Mucho dinero to be gained.
So ... nothing. Every suspect was exonerated. 
All we were left with was this ...
Ah, ah, ah, ah!
What are you doing?
No, no. You're tempting fate. You know how you should never try on someone else's engagement ring, hold the Oscar, use the excuse that your grandmother died when she didn't ...
Why do you guys keep doing that?
We are guests in the man's office. If there was one person who was more respectful of space and boundaries, it's Grissom.  You could at least offer him the same courtesy.
He said he'd be in Autopsy--won't be back for hours.
Anyway, they never solved Izzy Delancy's murder. Two months later, Penny Garden was found dead in her house.
Good question. Grissom and I really noodled over that one.
So the doll was originally glued to the back of the chair.
Well, if that's the case, then how did the killer expect to ... kill her?
The killer knew that Penny was always stinko on Cherry Herring by coupon-clipping time, so ...
Nothing.
No problem. After you.
Is that condensation?
Okay. I'm on it.
What?
Every man is not an end but a beginning. Today I rise above and step up. Have a nice day.
Oh.
Wendy? Could I speak with you a moment?
This is exactly why I didn't invite you to join us. You take over everything.
Grissom asked me to gather some techs to review the ‘miniature' cases. Like a think tank.
I hand selected them with careful consideration to group dynamics.
That's not the only reason.
You think you're too cool.
I don't know, are we?
The intended victim was Barbara Tallman, a therapist. But we got there first. PD set up a sting which resulted in the death of an undercover officer, while a roomful of detectives watched.
Again, the killer knew the habits of the victim. This one always took an afternoon nap.
Based on her position on the couch, the CSIs thought that the intended cause of death might be suffocation or poisoning.
But they found something else instead.
Quitter.
Somebody directly connected with Ernie ... somebody worth killing himself for. They interviewed his son Lionel. Looks like Lionel Dell knew Barbara Tallman.
Well, the only link we have is a disposable cell phone number.
Mm-hmm. And additional minutes purchased on the phone with Ernie Dell's credit card after his death.
I'm sure they did.
What are you doing?
Nice one, Simms. Now they have my cell phone number.
This is the United States of America. Hypocrisy is the new national anthem. Forget it. Stretching. Grissom said they checked for commonalities between victims and got nowhere. I was reading an article in the JFS about literary forensics. They use a computer program to analyze documents to determine authorship.
For instance, when the book Primary Colors was first published anonymously, people knew it was one of Clinton's speech writers, so they compared word usage and phrasing with the writers on his staff and discovered who'd probably written it. I say we look at the work to find the author. Try to figure out who it is by what message they're trying to send.
What?
Well, I have one occasionally.
That creepy little Sally.
Grissom had something on that.  'Freud's Theory of the Uncanny raises the point that as children, we want the doll to come to life, but as adults, we are terrified by the idea. Doll could represent the uncanny that is feared, the Sandman.'
When would I find the time? I'm always here.
No.
I think if the killer is trying to make some sort of anti-food statement, there are much better places in Vegas to do it.
Hello? 
Oh, hi, Catherine. Have I seen Wendy?
Uh, no. She hasn't been at her desk all day long. 
Here, let me look for her. Oh, oh, wait, here she is.
Yeah, but what about the chicken plant?
No go, amigo.
Well, I see flowers in Penny's and Barbara's, but not Izzy's.
Stop that. Besides, I don't think the slaughterhouse would be into the lobby bouquet.
A crazed postal worker. Wouldn't be the first time.
Maybe they have puns in common.
Well, the way he kills has certainly gotten more complicated. Blunt force trauma to poison to electrocution to a timed booby trap of carbon monoxide in the fireplace.
No, you see, again, there's no newspaper in the chicken plant, not even shredded in the cages.
Hey, it's not me, it's the chicken plant. That's the streak-breaker.
Relax.
What's this?
I can fix it.
Some garlic bread? Nice Chianti, maybe?
Bleach.
And in the vase water at Barbara Tillman's condo.
Put a few drop in the water, helps kill bacteria keeps the flowers blooming a long time. Put too much bleach, flowers die.
Okay. You stay here. I'm going to switch this out for the Penny Garden.
I think we might be onto something with the bleach.
Technically, all I said to them was that Grissom needed our help, which is true. I only lied to you.
I've trained them all to believe that the laser ablater and mass spec take twice as long as they actually do.
You what?
It's my lucky day.
It's my lucky day.
Yes!
When you walked away-- 
-- it was like the stars aligned. It was my lucky day.
I was trying to help Grissom.
Bleach.
I found a common element in all four miniatures ... bleach. There's a bottle of it in the trash at Izzy's; there's a barrel of it at the chicken plant, there's, uh, bleach in the flower water at Barbara's condo, and now ... 
-- a bleach coupon in Penny's. 
This-this may sound crazy, but if the killer is a housekeeper or a janitor, they would certainly know the ins and outs of each location, uh, what goes in what drawer, what book on what bookshelf. Hours of operation, habits, schedules. I've thought a lot about the killer's pathology, and there doesn't seem to be any regular interval between murders, which makes me think that they're triggered by something. Maybe ... maybe the killer is triggered by bleach.
I'm sorry?
If the killer is one of Ernie Dell's foster kids, maybe bleach played a role in some sort of childhood abuse. He's getting back at the world for what they did to him.
Did the victims use a common cleaning service?
Maybe we could call bleach-manufacturing companies and see if they've received any hate mail.
Absolutely ...
I ... I'm sorry if I crossed the line. It won't happen again.
Anything?
I found a couple of syringes, too. 
Well, maybe there's a legitimate medical reason for that.
Don't feel too bad. They have health benefits, good pay. Women get regular checkups. The industry is well-regulated, as opposed to picking a hooker up off the street.  Does she have a disease? Multiple diseases? Is she crazy? Is she gonna roll you? Where do you go? Do you do it in your car? Behind a building? Down a dark alley? So you drive around, scared out of your mind. You finally get the nerve up, pick one you like, call her over, she gets in - next thing you know, you're down on the pavement, cuffed, 'cause she's an undercover cop, but luckily, you're three months shy of your 18th birthday, so when you call your mom to come get you, it doesn't go on my permanent record.
We've got a winnah!
If they were trying to clean up all the blood, they did a good job. Steam cleaner tested positive for blood, but there wasn't enough for DNA.
Funny you should ask. Found a hair in the brushes.
It's on the left.
The one on the right is Chyna De Vere's.
Hey. What? Have you been shaving with a broken beer bottle?
Yeah. I heard you pulled the friggin' idiot's friend out of a burning car.
Oh, so humble. You know, some people are just destined for greatness.
Sure. You mean the engine black over canary yellow paint chips from a Ford automobile? Yeah. If I had a yellow car, I'd paint over it, too.
Page two.
I just finished a diabolical soduku in six minutes flat. I'm positive.
What did you have for lunch? I had a ham sandwich. Hmm? It's a clue. Your sandwich.
The paint chips you collected are from two different cars, stuck together as a result of impact. Yellow paint, black paint, clear coat. The other half -- clear coat, black paint, yellow paint, clear coat, white.
One half of the sandwich is from Dru's 29.
You're looking for a white Ford that's been repainted yellow and black.
I found a common element in all four miniatures: bleach.
Hey, boss, heard you got a lead on another one of the Dell fosters.
Okay. That's good. One less suspect.
Processed the sweater found at the liquor store. Found blood. 
Sent it to DNA. Wendy found two types, matched both to your vics. She also ran saliva on Greg's jacket. Came back unknown male. Same unknown male that Greg scratched.
Nice map.
My old neighborhood. What do you see?
In what?
We're talking about humans here, not bugs.
So this guy Dean probably was not a victim of this swarm, or he's lying.
He swarmed himself?
I've solved your case.
No, cow. Those hairs you found on the scaffold ... not human. 
Bovine.
You betcha, partner. Guernseys. Maybe the scaffold was used somewhere else. Like on a farm.
Well, you can take care of that. I've done all the heavy lifting. As usual.
Thanks, Greg. It's gonna take a little while to fill my tank. Why don't I get you a funnel?
Kidding. You think your arson case has something to do with these missing kids?
I don't know why pedophiles just don't kill themselves.
Did you consider ...
Good job, gas-hopper.
You can stop gassing up. I've got a match. AvCon on Buffalo Canyon. Pump six.
I know that look. You just figured something out.
This is much better than dead rock star kitchen. The whole al fresco thing?  Please?
So the doll was originally glued to the back of the chair.
Well, if that's the case, then how did the killer expect to ... kill her?
Yes. It seems that the paint on the Sabra's key is consistent with Lexus factory issue. Color's Galactic Grey Mica IE9. Same as Amanda's.
I almost keyed a car once.
I know, but, in the end, I couldn't go through with it. So I peed on the door handles instead.
No. It was San Diego.
Over a 'B.' Professor gave me one on my term paper. I felt I deserved an 'A'.
Sweet ride.
Know what makes human bones glow in the dark?
Tetracycline.
Sure.
This is your experiment?
Doc told me to tell you your last vic, the one all pretzeled up in the oven, lividity's fixed: dead two days.
Yeah. Ah, and I got trace analysis on the sample Phillips collected on Chicken Johnny.
Alginate and plaster of Paris. Combination used to make dental impressions. And you don't even seem to be the teeniest bit surprised.
She said something.
Pollen spores off the bumper and Natalie's head both overlap in Red Rock Canyon.
Yeah, they're already on it.
The white flaky trace on your victim's feet was permethrin, an insect repellent, also used in flea dips.
No flea dip, no dog hairs, no blood. Just a little bit of champagne and some underarm deodorant.
So how crazy was last night? You. Me. Dinner?
I thought the Syrah was quite nice.
Oh, no problem. Let it be known, that I am nothing if not a gentleman.
The Golden Rule. Always treat yourself the way you would like others to treat you.
What are you working on?
DODIS.
Well, that'll look good on the old Grissom point meter.
I'm just saying, be careful: no one likes a kiss-ass.
Cotton fiber. Appears to be bloodstained. I need another piece for comparison.
Yes, ma'am.
Cowboy had a roll in the hay. Either he's messy or ... uh ... we could have a Brokeback Mountain situation.
Me, too.
You know, it takes a big man to admit that. And I am that man.
Fibers from the bull are consistent with Cody's shirt. Looks like Wintwister's a killer.
More cowbell! 
I processed these for you.
Well, as you can see, they're bull ropes. These are the kind that the riders hold in their hands. Every rider has one, and they're usually custom-made. I mean, look at that craftsmanship.
Yes, it is. Uh, you'll note that it is polynylon. Now the rope that was collected from the crime scene, though, was long sisal, a type of hemp. Very old-school, and they stopped making it years ago.
Hey, Nick! 
You've got an artful tagger.
Don Cook's car bumper. Gangbanger blended his green with another color. Not visible to the human eye. Of course, I caught it.
Well, if that's a hair you want to split. Suspect used green paint with a hint of cerulean blue. Probably for impact.
You know, in China people wear masks when they're sick. It's considered impolite to infect your coworkers.
Maybe you should wear a mask.
Hmm, check this out.
Millions of tires wear out ever year. You ever wonder where all that rubber dust goes?
The black powder trace you found in your victim's clothing was tire rubber.
Of course you would expect that. However, I did find some very interesting type of rubber.
Truck tires have 27% isoprene and 14% neoprene. That's what makes them so hard. Passenger tires have a lower isoprene-to-neoprene ratio, but they also have silica for fuel economy and wet traction.
Go-cart tires, or 'slicks,' – 
-- to those in the know, have much higher levels of carbon black and oil, resulting in extremely high traction.
You know, just so you know, I'm a bit of go-cart enthusiast myself.
You know, that's just what Mom says when all I ask is to come home for Thanksgiving.
Well, to quote Sherlock Sanders, 'This town was built on dead bodies.'
Do I look like the Ghost Whisperer?
You do know that those isotopes will only tell you where he spent the last three years or so of his life.
If this works, I write the paper for the Forensics Journal, sole credit.
Me and my big mouth.
Hi, Sara. You look like you're having a good day.
Got your isotope results.
Yeah ... uh ... more specifically, southern Vietnam. Like I said, this test only dates back to the last three years of his life. 
Let me know if you get an ID. It'd be a great touch for the article.
Oh, sorry, just a bad habit from ... um ... when we worked the Miniature case together.
I thought so.
Well, those are eggs-- it's a girl.
And those white organs would be gonads. Male and female parts. Simultaneous hermaphroditism? Stop me if you already know this, but some fish do change s*x naturally.
I heard of a study when I was attending a forensics consortium in DC. Feminized male bass were found in the wastewater effluent of the Potomac River.
Yeah, it was full of excreted pharmaceuticals and what they called 'personal care products,' all of which supposedly altered the endocrine system of the fish and their young.
You got it, partner.
But perfect ...
--ly adequate. Better, in fact. 
Hey. The trace from the puncture wound came back. It's zinc, which is electrically coated onto steel to make galvanized pipe.
Special Agent Malone. David Hodges.  The granular powder that you found on the dead boy's neck and shirt was largely ammonium nitrates and sulfates -- commercial grade fertilizer.
Yeah, or any backyard.
So, I was curious about opportunities at the federal level. Pay scale, working conditions ...
Absolutely.
Kudos to you. The lube was indeed laced with GHB. Not hard to do if you know a little chemistry.
Which became a really bad trip.
Look at this. I didn't think my results were inconclusive and that I'll just have to wait till I get the tox results back from Henry.
No. He picks up a cellophane and duct-tape-wrapped kilo of coke, and the third one from the top of the stack blows up in his face.
It's important to be specific. 
It's not a game, it's a thought experiment. If you want to be a good criminalist --
If you want to be a better criminalist, then you have to learn to train to --
Look, I'm sure Grissom's told you--well, maybe not you, but he's told me many times--that we speak for the dead. Think of this exercise as a way for the dead to speak for themselves.
It's a chance for you to be a CSI. The only thing you need to do is answer two simple questions.
After HazMat cleans up the scene ... the coroner does his thing ...
I believe he's legally required to check. 
What the CSIs realize is --
Can we at least stipulate that they heroically contain their bereavement?
Thank you.
What the CSIs realize is ...
No, you're wrong. Just let me finish the setup, okay?
What the CSIs finally realize is ...
Can you just let me finish!
The killer is someone in the lab.
No, no, no, that's not what I want ...
My shoelace is untied. Excuse me.
Since it would be pretty risky for the killer to tamper with evidence during a full-on investigation in the lab ... let's just say, for the purposes of this exercise, -- 
-- that can't happen.
That's up to you. You have the setup. You run the investigation from here. Simple Q &amp; A. You ask, I answer.
Absolutely. No lying-- call that a rule.
No revisionism-- also a rule.
You want to do this or not?
Good idea. Because there are a lot of clues.
What?
Ah, well, what do you know? 
The leg wires are color coded.
Indeed we could.
Nothing.
Let's say you learn that LVPD recently seized one dozen commercial grade blasting caps in an arson-explosives raid, and that the lab was processing the case evidence.
Excuse me, we're--
No.
You're the dead guy.
Fine.
No, no prints. Just metal shavings. 
Nefarious, don't you think?
You always get something from Trace.
It needs to be refrigerated.
Sodium – 
-- nitrate.
Excuse me?
Sounds like the late Archie Johnson has a big mouth.
Well played, Simms. So it takes a few turns for the autopsy results to get back.
Hours. A few hours. So, while you're waiting for the autopsy results, what do you do in the meantime?
A virtual cornucopia.
Sorry. 
Mm-hmm.
'Maybe.' That word always looks so good on a case report.
Just a schmear.
Sugar, soy protein, partially hydrogenated vegetable oils, roasted nuts.
Yes, they would, and they would find ...
Get used to it, punk.
What?
Actually, bullets shoot people, shot from guns which are usually in the hands of gun guys.
Well, I guess Henry's had enough time to defrost. COD was not, in fact, due to hypothermia.
Nope.
PCP.
Massive, overdose amounts of PCP. Commonly known as phencyclidine, or angel dust.
PCP blocks the brain's NMDA receptors, hypothalamus goes nuts, resulting in anxiety, confusion, and fever-like overheating.
That's very professional.
That's because it wasn't there.
No, he didn't.
You tell me.
It was the logical outcome of the initial crime.
Well, we're not done yet.
Excellent. That's a good approach.
It's well considered, thorough and thoughtful, but you would find nothing.
Yeah, there's no trace of PCP in any of sinks. Squeaky clean.
You got it.
The killer cleaned up, but he left one witness.
Well, someone's having fun.
You're not bad at this.
The field test?
Nothing.
That's right. A great big pile of nothing. From me, to you.
Field Agent Simms.
Here she comes, flashing her badge, taking down perps.
Hey, Sanders left the lab, he got his ass kicked. I'm just saying.
Okay. Fine.  Let's.
Well, you are kind of a little clumsy.
Are you satisfied with the explanation?
There are bristles in the oil, -- 
Well, thank God ... 
Ow!
Oh, well, look who's the clumsy one now. Excuse me.
All right. Who's up for an autopsy?
Correct.
In the lab.
Precisely.
Devilishly clever, wouldn't you say?
Well, what do you mean?
Uh, no.
Not in those words exactly, but ... uh ... yeah.
Scenario requires further revision.
Nothing.
You are so paranoid. This thought experiment has now concluded. 
Thank you.
I wasn't recording you. Why would I record you? That makes no sense.
It's a prototype.
Well, it's not just a board game. Gets people to think.
I needed your help to flesh out scenarios, and I figured that if I hid the recorder, your answers would be candid and honest. Look, see.
It's like 'Clue,' only CSI-ier.
Well, painfully sad geeks have a lot of spare time on their hands and loads of disposable income. 'Lab Rats' could be a gold mine.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Oh! 
It's a redeeming feature. It's-it's a prototype.
You think I'm smart?
Oh, Hodges, I'm so sorry. 
It's just that I'm jealous of your intellect.
But Wendy, you have so much to live for. Don't do it. You're too close to the edge.
Oh, and now I'm drowning! Oh, God! Oh, God, help me. Help me.
Oh, uh ... 
I was ... uh ... just trying to ... develop a board game – 
-- based on this place, but not in any legally actionable sense. You get evidence, scenarios, analysis. Try to solve diabolical murders.
Really?
Okay. Let's play.
What makes it hard to catch a killer? Is it the sheer destructive power of the murder itself that obliterates evidence – 
-- as it snuffs out life? 
Or is it the chain of events the murder sets into motion which obscure the true crime?
Or is it a mechanism so complex and diabolical that it borders on the incredible?
In truth, it is all these things, -- 
-- and all these things are the same. Because the only real way to catch a killer is to outsmart him ... and hope that he's not smarter than you.
No witnesses. Nobody heard the shot, and the killer is somebody in the lab.
In this scenario, no.
A single nine-millimeter casing at the doorway to Trace.
Then I'm going to need an autopsy.
The bullet's nose is significantly deformed and the lead base is pitted. But there are sufficient striae to get a match for what little it's worth.
The gun came through the lab about a week ago in a buyback program and was subsequently destroyed.
Apparently.
In truth, it is all of these things, and all of these things are the same.
Because the only real way to catch a killer is to outsmart him and hope that he is not smarter than you.
Wait, wait, wait – 
They all want to watch?
In truth, it is all these things, and all these things are the same.
Because the only real way to catch a killer is to outsmart him and hope that he is not smarter than you.
Yes, it did.
With an unrifled barrel.
Pre-1990.
So, you're at a dead end?
The barrel of the zip gun contains traces of black powder.
Impressive. Can you tell me whodunit?
Oh, yeah. Big gun guy.
Nothing. Running gag. So, -- 
-- you think Bobby Dawson did it?
I am a mere Padawan in the presence of the Jedi Master.
Sure.
You weren't ready -- to leave -- this: the challenges, the puzzles, the job.
But Sara was.
You can't stand in the way of that. When it's time for someone to move on, you just gotta let them go.
Okay. Oh! 
Mind if I record this?  Scenario 12, Hodges and Grissom. 
Okay, you walk into the AV Lab. You find Archie slumped over his computer with a knife in his head ...
