All right, let me see if I understand this correctly. You let one of the members of your team drive his personal vehicle to a crime scene investigation; and then, even though there was a perfectly good crime scene vehicle there, that personal car was crammed with every bit of evidence collected at a major murder investigation, because two of you were maxed out on overtime. And then the driver, of said car, instead of securing that evidence in the lab, gave priority to his need for runny eggs and the aforementioned vehicle was stolen from a parking lot filled with police cars. Is there anything I missed?
Thank you for clarifying the situation.
So you tell me how I'm going to spin this thing. I've got a dead lawyer, a known enemy of the department, who made her career picking us apart. And now, we've lost the evidence in her murder. Even I don't buy it.
Press is going to eat us alive. Six-month trial, we finally get Fatelli shipped off to Lompoc. He's not even in the state. How long are his arms?
It's going to look like the CSIs were paid off. Nobody's going to believe that this was an unfortunate series of coincidences. So my choices are: We're idiots, or we're dirty. 
So which are we?
Did you know you were made?
Like another murder?
Could have ordered one of his guys to do it. 
Well, this is not a 'no harm, no foul' situation. Disciplinary action may still be taken.
Guys like Thomas Simon never get their hands dirty.
Did you find the gun?
The biggest drug supplier on the West Coast kills a public official, and we can't find him. I'm just the undersheriff. I have one job: make the sheriff look smart. You're not helping.
You ever seen a man's face change into that kind of a demon?
I don't hear a solution.
I only want to know if it works.
Fifty-fifty. I can live with those odds.
How do we get around entrapment?
Not your call.
So don't screw it up.
The DA?
That bitch won't like it.  Thanks for breakfast.
We're in the process of conducting an investigation, so I don't have all the facts. But there does appear to be some similarities to Assemblyman Zamesca's murder.
Uh, I have no further comments at this time.
I really feel good about this.
Good afternoon. 
The Las Vegas Police Department has successfully apprehended a suspect, one Edwin Dennison, who's confessed of multiple homicides, including that of Assemblyman Danilo Zamesca.
Mr. Dennison admitted to luring Mr. Zamesca to a remote location, while seeking his help to escape the drug trade. When Mr. Zamesca encouraged him to surrender to police, Mr. Dennison shot him. He later shot Mr. Holstein during a dispute over a drug deal.
I'd like to say how very proud I am of the swift and efficient work done that my department has done in tracking down and apprehending this dangerous criminal ...
All right. Which one of you screwed this up?
She's a tight-ass. I told her what I thought she needed to know.
That fuzzy blob?
Well, I hope it's better than this photo.
Which doesn't place him in the limo. That bill could have been brought in there by anyone.
This city just paid Aaron James and his mother $2.5 million because you ran his brother over. Are you trying to find a way to give them more money?
You want to talk to Aaron James, give me more than snot on a bill, and a dot on a crummy photo. This is a PR nightmare in the making.
Everything he touched gets reprocessed.
Open your mouth one more time, and you're on suspension. I'm trying to avoid a harassment suit here. This is cover-our-ass time. Keep me apprised.
This would have been so much easier if you had been the black guy.
I hear soda water works better.
So long as I don't see it on the 11:00 news.
The James kid, he lawyered up?
Yeah, I'm on my way there now. How do I look?
Oh. Hope I hold my temper as well as you. You've got a big future in this department. Send the dry cleaning bill to my office.
Excuse me a moment.
What do you want me to do?
All right, say that I get you the warrant. What are you looking for, something that made armpit bruises?
I'm agreeing with the judge.
Grissom!
You need to save your CSI here. What he has is circumstantial based off of weird bruises and a barber chair. Brown needs to get better evidence and leave the rest in our hands.
