Gee, and all this time ... I thought you were still a virgin.
Oh, you found me out.
I started the fire and the smoke just started pouring out.
Yeah. 
Yeah. Divorced. Have a son in college.
Well, no, I was out of town on business till yesterday.
A few months ago ... around Christmas.
... a rat.
Yeah, that's mine. It been there since ... about New Year's, when I took down the Christmas lights.
Yeah, sure.
She's an aspiring photographer. I recently purchased several of her self-portraits.
You know, now's not a good time. So, unless you have a warrant, the answer is no.
As I told you last year, I knew Caroline professionally. We had coffee a couple of times. She was a promising photographer; I'm a collector. We had a lot to talk about.
I don't know, five or six times over a month or two.
Well, we weren't having sexual relations, if that's what you're getting at.
Yeah, I invited her over to see my collection. Look, I'll admit that I was attracted to her, but when she told me her real age, I told her, it was inappropriate for us to see each other.
You mean, you ripped up my damn floor. What is going on here?
You've been coming at me since day one, and I'm starting to resent it.
You have a problem with me because I appreciate younger women? I had nothing to do with that girl's disappearance. You want to come after me? You're going to regret it.
This belonged to the person in my chimney?
Well, this is-this is Tad. This is my son.
Like I've already told you, Caroline and I were friends. Now, if you keep this up, I'm gonna file a harassment charge against you personally.
What?
I didn't do it, I swear.
I know what happened.
No. I've been covering too long. I need to tell the truth. I was out of town, I came home early. I heard noise coming from the attic.
He told me that they'd been seeing each other...
What's going on?
... that they'd gotten into a fight, and he raped and killed her.
I should have told the police, but ... she was already dead. He's my son. I wanted to protect him. I didn't know what else to do. He's been out of cont--
Tad ... son, you're ...
