Excuse me ... guys, hang tight. I'm going to get some rides. Take you down to the station, okay? I want to get your statements.
Good, good. Excuse me.
This is Detective Nestor Ortega. I am in PD interrogation taking a statement from Captain James Brass regarding the officer-involved shooting that occurred around 0643 hours this morning. CSI Catherine Willows is present to document and collect Captain Brass's firearm as evidence.
Ready?
You're not a patrol unit. Why did you get involved in the pursuit?
So you elected to back up the officers.
Were the suspects shooting at the time?
At what point did Carroll and Davis go in foot pursuit after the two suspects?
I don't go to the movies.
What happened next?
Captain, hand over your firearm to CSI Willows.
It'd be smart to have ammo before you go running into a gunfight.
During the gun battle, were you aware of the other officers' positions relative to you?
Did you continue to be aware of their positions after the suspect took off running?
Do you remember Officer Bell being shot?
I asked if you remember Officer Bell being shot.
No, no, that's all right. She's going to do just fine.
We're not done.
Also driving a stolen car, shooting automatic weapons at a police car. These guys aren't exactly altar boys. 
Listen, if the suspects don't have guns in their hands, we can't shoot them.
Why did you leave a downed officer?
100% sure?
What did you do next?
I don't think so.
Why'd you leave the Buick and start following the Caprice?
Why'd he do that?
Sergeant Adams and Officer Bell were making a routine traffic stop on a Buick. Before they were able to effect the stop, a stolen Caprice intervened.
Adams said they just cut him off and started firing.
They were followed in pursuit by Officers Davis and Carroll and Detectives Brass and Curtis.
The, uh, Caprice TC'd during the pursuit.
And they just kept firing.
If the Buick was moving drugs, maybe the Caprice was providing security, keeping the cops and rival gang members away.
Captain Brass states the suspect had it pointed at the sergeant when he came around the corner.
Sergeant Carroll partially confirms eyewitness accounts. When Captain Brass approached, he momentarily took his eyes off the suspect. When he looked back, the suspect was holding a gun.
It wasn't planted. It was mishandled.
Contrary to policy, Officer Davis prematurely picked up the gun.
Detective Curtis instructed him to set it back down, which he did.
Sergeant Adams, this is your standard after-shooting walk through, okay? Now I want you to describe to us exactly what happened yesterday morning.
Which way'd they go?
Okay, thanks. Hey, hang around for about a minute or two, okay? I'll give you a ride home.
Your thoughts?
Well, it's worth checking out. Come on. I'll even let you buy me a donut.
How does that prove the guy tossed the gun up there? You recovered it from the ground.
The gun's still up there.
There's the green Geo Metro.  Okay, you come with me. You two cover the back. Stay with her.
Police! We have a search warrant! Open up!
That's impossible. Believe me, I know. My wife's had five kids.
You were a passenger in a stolen vehicle that failed to yield to the police. We've also connected you to a drug ring which was responsible for the death of a police officer. Miss Guerro? You're looking at prison time, so think about it. Whatever you could tell us about these guys will be in your best interest.
Okay, this is your last chance for your client to help herself out.
Who would've killed you?
I just received a report from the shooting review board. You've been cleared.  You can go back to work.
The shooting review board wants to talk to you. You're going to have to explain your tactical decision for shooting in the direction of a fellow officer.
As far as I'm concerned, there's no question ... it was a bad shoot. 
