I knew the victim. A few weeks ago I went to see her about the Wallace case.
Fifteen years, no arrests. 
Jim, she told me things that she couldn't possibly know about this case. She also told me that Claire Wallace was murdered by her husband and he buried the body in Summerlin.
Forget it.
Look, Jim, I interrogated him at least a dozen times. And I never got a rise from the smug b*st*rd until the last time -- until I repeated what this psychic told me.
He was afraid she'd eventually lead me to the body. I even scheduled another reading with her, but ...
Of course not.
All right, all right. At least do me the courtesy of running Gordon Wallace's prints against any prints found at the crime scene.
Check the case file. The last interrogation tape's still in there. You'll see.
I got a psychic who can communicate with the dead. The FBI uses her to locate people. Your dead wife's been talking to her. Says her spirit is stuck in Summerlin. She can't cross over until the b*st*rd who murdered her is caught. Psychic says it's you.
Your dead wife's been talking to her. Says her spirit is stuck in Summerlin. She can't cross over until the b*st*rd who murdered her is caught.
Are you accusing me of something?
I went to Sedona's shop for a consultation. I brought her Claire Wallace's sweater, from the car we found at the airport. And for your information, I signed it in and out of evidence, per chain of custody.
I also showed her a couple of photos. She did her thing; I paid her; I left.
You've been there. You know you have to walk from the front to get to the back. Now, come on, Jim. You want ask me something? Don't be shy.
And you think, what, I did it?
She had all these weird powders and fairy dust, and something called a gris-gris bag. Said she had her mojo working. Seemed sketchy. I figured she was dealing.
Come on, Jim. You know these hippy-dippy types. They love their drugs, so I questioned her. Got a lesson in alchemy. Have you ever seen a wolf's heart?  Well, I held
This is the map I've been working off of, and each of these red stickers represents a hole I dug based on different information.
Now, most were around the house he owned in Sunrise Manor. These were near his, uh, brother's place, and a few near his sister's place. That's where they grew up, in Henderson.
No reason to.
Yeah, but he hadn't been on the job that long, and Summerlin is out of his comfort zone and a long way from where they live. No, he ... he had better options closer to home.
Well, he'd pick a place where people don't normally go. 
Yeah. Let me look at that.
Yeah, but there's two ...
... three, possibilities. I got an idea.
Back in the day, squatters were always camping their RVs in this area. That's what brought Wallace up here. Illegal dumping of human waste on public lands.
Time to find out.
No. That was part of the marital discord.
Yeah. Yeah, I interviewed her sister. Said Claire had a little bulldog named, uh ... think it was Sneakers.
Took him everywhere with her.
Killed the dog. He had to kill the dog to make it look like Claire took Sneakers with her. Otherwise, nobody'd believe his story.
We got him.
I couldn't get you for the murder of your wife, but you are now under arrest for the murder of Sedona Wiley.
