The Andersons, who own a profitable internet company in Las Vegas, are said to be devastated by the death of little Zachary. As for leads, the police will only say they have widened the investigation to include employees of Steve Anderson's company. Immediate coworkers are being asked to give DNA samples. By all accounts, the employees are complying voluntarily. One of them is quoted as saying 'anything to help Mr. and Mrs. Anderson in their time of grief.'
Tragedy struck early this morning when an on-duty Las Vegas Criminalist was brutally gunned down. 
It was her first night on the job. Victim Holly Gribbs was investigating a robbery/homicide in an apartment on the corner of M.L.K. and Warm Springs.
The crime lab now faces the daunting task of investigating the shooting of one of their own. The wounded C.S.I. has been taken to Desert Palm where she is listed in critical condition. The suspect is still at large. 
Details of the arrest will be forthcoming in this live report. 
Federal Agent Culpepper is about to start his news conference. As we've been reporting, a suspect has been arrested in the strip-strangler case. 
As we first reported yesterday, the remains of an unidentified caucasian female were unearthed in Summercliff. The five foot four inch woman was approximately 20 years old.
Authorities are asking for the public's help in identifying the victim. 
If you have any information please call the Las Vegas P.D. Hotline.
The disappearance of ...
... western Las Vegas university coed Paige Rycoff has police baffled. They're working on several leads. And though investigators are still piecing together ...
The parents of western Las Vegas University freshman, Paige Rycoff. They join us now to discuss their daughter's disappearance. Mrs. Rycoff, did your daughter tell you why she was leaving school?
But why leave mid semester?
A video shot during the first week of school Offers fresh insight into the 18-year-old's personality. We can see that Paige was an average, apparently happy and healthy freshman, looking forward to ...
Wall street Analysts, though, say stocks ... Good investments for the long term.
The Las Vegas District Attorney is reportedly preparing to file homicide charges against Benjamin Corey Jennings in the so-called Burial Murders Case. Jennings has been in police custody for the last ...
...Since he was caught burying the first victim, Oliver Dunne in the national forest.
Detectives and forensics experts are sifting through evidence a this hour, making their case against actor Tom Haviland. We'll recap the story as we wait for a live feed from a downtown news conference with Haviland's attorney. Several witnesses have already spoken to police about Haviland's actions outside the murder ...
When asked about the murder of Kim Hsu a spokesman for Tom Haviland says he sends his condolences to the Hsu family. Certainly, this is an event hat he won't soon forget and neither will the resort where the grisly crime played out. Now it's up to prosecutors ...
Las Vegas awakens today with a terrible realization that our city may face a new and deadly menace. 
Fifteen-year-old Casey Flynn collapsed and died this morning shortly after drinking a bottle of Innoko water at a convenience store near Torrey pines.
... at the Comedy Hole. The events occurred on opposite ends of town, have not yet established a definite connection between the two deaths. But Las Vegas residents fear the worst -- that our city may be in the grip of a product-tampering nightmare.
New leads in the double homicide at the Sphere Hotel and Casino. According to sources within the crime lab, the killer or killers most likely fled the room CSIs call 'Murder Central,' the nearest room to the emergency exit. 
CSIs are currently checking surveillance footage in an effort to identify possible suspects.
This is day six in the search for Julie Waters, the model and aspiring reported missing by her parents last Thursday. Authorities are asking for the public's help in any information regarding her whereabouts. 
Prosecutors will seek a life sentence without the possibility of parole for Howard Delhomme in the murder of Julie Waters.
This case has been one of the most high-profiled in this reporter's memory. Never before have I seen ... 
Las Vegas police may have a break in the case of a missing boy. An eyewitness has come forward with a more complete description of the suspect.
Authorities are now seeking this man in connection with the disappearance yesterday of six-year-old Jesse Matthews.
Initial reports from the scene only mention a man in a blue cap, but the police artist had a lot more to work with after the eyewitness came forward.
The boy's mother, Karen, is holding out hope that she'll see her son again. She's seen tragedy enough. Four years ago, she lost her husband in combat in Afghanistan.
Good evening, I'm Paula Francis. A weekend of sordid crimes has Las Vegas police working double-time. At the same time, the police are doing all they can to protect residents from the ... 
And finally, in local crime, an update on yesterday's tragic death of Vegas party girl Ally Sullivan. Police are still examining all the evidence from the gruesome crime scene. 
Detectives tell eyewitness news they have little to work with. And something that stumps them: What was the motive for the killer in this violent end to a young and beautiful life?
Police are hoping that passersby or other eyewitnesses will come forward to help the investigation of this terrible murder.
If you have information that might help police, you are urged to call LVPD at the toll-free number on the screen.
Noted criminal defense attorneyDiane Chase was killed yesterday. Crime Scene Investigators say ...
In a tragic twist, Ms. Chase was killed while attending her son's wedding. She was best known for taking on the toughest cases, and it was her defense of high-profile, organized crime associates that really made her a name in legal circles. 
Most recently, she represented Dino Fatelli of the Fatelli crime family, who was sentenced to life last month for the brutal slaying of casino mogul Remy James.
...stunned by the death of former top-ranked junior middleweight Lorenzo 'Happy' Morales, whose body was found floating in a pool late last night ... 
... at the Sugarcane Ranch Brothel in Bryant County. Morales, best known for his ability to take a punch, was reportedly attempting a comeback to boxing. 
LVPD is investigating the incident, which they are treating as a homicide.
Police have no new clues in the disappearance of ten-year-old Lucas Hanson and 11-year-old Jason Crowley.
Teachers and classmates are planning a six p.m. vigil at Rockwater Elementary ...
