Sorry, Gil. Just doing my job.
Then, hopefully, you'll say I'm better-looking than I appear on TV. 
You're the CSI who recovered the clothes from the crime scene.
Did you follow departmental procedures-- transporting this evidence back to the lab?
Took multiple photos at the scene?
That's great. Save your gloves from the scene?
Terrific. DA just provided me with copies of pictures of the victim's bra.
I know. I wish she'd mentioned her relationship with the EMT who moved the bra.
A Hank Peddigrew. 
We just interviewed him. He says he thanked her for letting him move the bra back.
Thank you.
I want to compliment you on how quickly you've organized the video forensics.
Raymond.
Or Ray was disposing of them for himself. You've just supplied Tom Haviland with reasonable doubt.
His zeal is clouding his judgment. It's not what did happen; it's what the jury will believe could have happened.
Glow's too uniform.
Any blood evidence in there has been destroyed.
Marjorie's going to take him to the cleaners.
My share. How many innocent men have been locked away since then because of sloppy investigating shortcut forensics?
I shouldn't be able to, Gil.
Not this fallible -- compromised blood, sweetheart deals ...
'The Accused is entitled to the best defense possible.'
A jury believes me because of my reputation just like they do you.
I'm saying this as a friend. For the reputation of CSI, tell the DA to drop this, re-file down the road.
I'm just here to observe CSI's investigating techniques.
You're not running evidence. Or have you changed your mind? 
By the way, tell your mother I say 'Hello' next time you talk. I was so impressed that night we all had dinner. The sign language ... how you interpreted for her. Fluid, didn't miss a beat.
Knowing your genetic predisposition for hearing loss?
Your work is dependent upon your five senses. The fact that you're losing one of yours wouldn't bode well for any evidence you introduced.
Speak in a very soft voice, okay?
Gil ... good work.
