Excuse me, hi, can you identify yourself for the camera, please? Just look right in the lens.
It's a reality crime show. We're following you for this investigation. Sheriff promised full cooperation.
That's us-- we're the guys who put the folks who look in the microscopes under the microscopes.
You ever see the show? It's got a lot of forensics.
Don't cut. Did you get all that? 
Mr. Grissom, can you please describe what you're seeing?
Hey.
Excuse me, detective. Can I ask you a question?
Detective.
Look, we never put anyone on screen without a signed release.
I am trying to give the crime a face.
I apologize. It won't happen again. Look, can I just ask you what you've got there?
You were a CSI, right?
And now you're a detective. So which side of the fence do you prefer?
Okay, we're rolling. Go ahead.
Ms. Willows, hold on a second. All you have is a guy's face. How do you figure out who he is?
Fine.
So what have you found so far? 
How do you know they belong to the suspect?
So your suspect doesn't have a record?
Well, how do you find a guy who's not in the system?
Great, okay. Clear and concise, thank you.
Did you page us?
Guys ... stay with the girl.
Uh, Mr. Grissom, we may have missed that. Could say it one more time for the camera?
You ever hear the saying, 'Only the dumb ones get caught?'
This a bad time?
What are you working on?
How do you know which is which? I mean, how do you tell them apart?
So I guess this is a slow day at the morgue.
Ms. Sidle, is this what you guys call a 'fishing expedition?'
Forgive me, but it's not very much of a lead.
Well, this case is even colder than the one you're on. You'd almost be better off if you had a new rape victim and a fresh scene.
So how'd you get the warrant?
Let's go.
Well, will you take this cam-light in, it's a flashlight camera. It'll record anything you point it at.
Thanks.
Okay, you get any of this? Zoom in. Zoom in.
Is that your daughter?
With all the things you see on this job, do you ever worry about her?
Like as a DNA sample in case you need to identify her?
But did he explain, you know, why he did it?
What about the fireman thing?
So how do you cope with a day like today? What do you do?
How well did you sleep after you learned you killed that fellow officer in that shootout last year?
So you feel you did the best you could?
Do you think forensic shows are just teaching the criminals how to get away with crimes?
Keep going, go inside for a close-up.
