Mugs?
I remember the first time I saw you. You didn't have any clothes on.
I would've taken you home right then if I could have.
I'll take care of it. You go back to the pit. Make sure nobody's robbing us blind.
You know, back in, uh ... in '67 I was in my 20s and ... I was drinking in a dive in downtown Buffalo. At the end of the bar was this pro quarterback drinking double scotches, two at t time midnight to 7:00 in the morning. It's Sunday, game day, mind you. So you know what I did? Called my bookie, bet against him. Guess what? I'll be damned if he didn't throw six touchdown passes.
You know, even when Tony was juicing he could run circles around these college, Harvard types ... and I'm not saying that just because he was my kid. Tony was the best damn casino exec this town has ever seen and just between you and me ... I couldn't hold a candle to him. Now he's dead. Overdose.
Nobody shoots at that target without going through me. 
What do you mean?
Which one? I mean, they were all trying to pick the gold out of his teeth.
She's the worst ... and he loved her the most. Can you believe it?
If I know her type, now that she has the gold she'll be going after the silver.
You know, this ... this could've all been his. His and Tony's.
Sure it is. I committed the cardinal sin. I loved one son more than the other.
But you can hide it. And I didn't. They're my sons ... I made them, I raised them ... and one kills the other.
You know, I should've married your mother.
Just wasn't in the cards, Catherine. It just wasn't in the cards.
I'm going to have to talk to H.R. about this Larry Whiting. Human resources is never supposed to process anyone with a record.
I have to tell you, Mugs, name doesn't ring a bell.
Well, you can't fault a fellow for wanting to be with his two best girls.
Where is all of this leading?
She worked at another one of my hotels -- the Whiskey Town.
Mugs, I got a P.R. Department that deals with that. When one white tiger killed another one in the secret garden at the Mirage, the P.R. Department had it buried on page 16e, under the car ads, about ... this big.
Some things are people's business. Some things aren't.
Then I'll be rooting for you.
Benny ...
He was my first doorman at the whiskey town. A year later, I made him a casino host at pike's gambling hall.
Within six months, he had all the play at the Tangiers.
Six months. Became my right arm when we opened the Rampart. I never thought I would outlive him.
Brain aneurism ... you never know when you're going to go. All those memories ...
Benny, we're going to have a great summer.
Everybody who was anybody knew Benny, including you.
Informally enough for him to direct the high-end whales your way when you were dancing.
If you will excuse me, I have to take care of that.
Yeah?
Raise the limit, and change the cards. If he wins three double downs in a row, call me back. We'll send 'Mr. Happy.'
I'm sorry. Where were we?
Sorry. That's off limits ... but I was with him in the hospital when he died. We made our peace, if it's for the record.
You'll have to ask him.
If you'll excuse me, someone is robbing me downstairs.
I think they went to one of those silent auctions. You know, the kind where you put a number down and remain anonymous.
More than I anticipated.
You sure about that?
Benny killed Vivian. He caught her cheating on him ... with me.
When I heard he was dying, I went to see him. He told me he killed her with my scissors from a ribbon-cutting ceremony. He always kept the scissors-- had them shadow-boxed for me.
He stashed them in the safe deposit box.
You're asking me to answer on his behalf? I don't know. Maybe he was paranoid. Figured you would drag Lake Mead.
They weren't just any pair of scissors ... they were tied to a legacy. If Benny goes down, I go down. Forty years ... building a reputation ...  ... gone. Games are meant to be played downstairs not upstairs ... so I ask Rob to take care of it.
That supposed to mean something?
I swear on your mother ... it didn't happen that way.
Do you really think I could murder someone?
The fat kid ... he was cheating.
Well, we had a little chat. I didn't kill him.
Gentlemen, these days, we call it 'The Holding Room'.
Security brought the kid down here around 2:00 A.M. I came in. We talked. He walked out around three.
It's all in there.
It's well within my rights to have a discussion with anyone in my place. 
The kid was cheating. I wanted to know how.
Nobody wins 400k at roulette. What's your system?
You're no longer welcome at the Rampart.
Do you have any idea the house advantage in roulette? 
There's always someone looking.
I'm curious. What bothers you more? The fact that you couldn't pin a murder on me or that Catherine cashed my check?
There were no strings on that money.
Believe whatever you like. That kid walked out of here with my money. If you figure out how he ripped me off, would you let me know?
She can afford it. 
You going to introduce him?
That's great.
Mugs, I heard you had some time off because of me.
Relax. Vegas is a small town. I'm always running into people I know.
Some people in this town think I'm a murderer.
I did not kill those kids. I did not!
You're not impressing her. I'll be in touch.
Is this some kind of joke?
Call my lawyer. This won't take long.
We're not through talking, kid.
Let me show you what I do to cheaters.
Do your hands hurt when it rains, Joe?
Feeling a little guilty?
Next to the tv, kid.
You want to catch a cheater -- hire one.
On way or another, I always get my money's worth.
A way to get you to talk to me. 
Not enough?
Not in the eyes of the law. You look good, Mugs. How's Lindsey? She likes horses, right?
I'm her grandfather.
Take a good look at me. Plenty of fresh air, sun on my face. You think I need your help?
You know what your problem is? You enjoy making life hard.
Cash it, or tear it up. Do whatever you want. I have one son in jail ... another in the ground. I never did right by your mother. But I'm damn sure going to try to do right by you.
It's either your money or it's my money.
Everyone, I'd like for you to meet my daughter, Catherine.
Excuse us for a minute, all right?
Let me guess, Mugs. The department won't pay the ransom.
Why should I?
Do I look like a man that needs publicity? If you're coming to me like a cop with a tin cup in your hand, the answer is no.
Then ask me like you were my daughter.
It's either your money or it's my money.
Everyone, I'd like for you to meet my daughter, Catherine.
Excuse us for a minute, all right?
Let me guess, Mugs. The department won't pay the ransom.
Why should I?
Do I look like a man that needs publicity? If you're coming to me like a cop with a tin cup in your hand, the answer is no.
Then ask me like you were my daughter.
Good to see you. How've you been? Drop by the Tangier's. Dinner's on me.
Hi.
Mugs.
Just walked around downstairs, saying hello to the old ghosts. You know, I introduced Lois and Tony, back when I was a floor manager. She was in the line with your mother.
Lily was a sweet girl. But Lois ... she had to be a star. A real Coal Miner's Daughter from Rackville, Pennsylvania. But once she met Tony, she never had to go back.
Me and Lois -- I love her, but I like to be in the driver's seat. Like this dancer I'm seeing now -- she's working tonight; that's why I came stag.
You want to see me, Muggs, all you need is a phone.
I was in that bedroom once. In 1967. As a gentleman, I would prefer not going into details.
One of these? Lois and I were going over old times. She got a little weepy. What she did with it after that, I don't know. My housekeeper made me a dozen for Christmas. I've only got half left.
Oh ... you're mothering me.
Come on, you know better.
Look, I'm being good to Lil this time around. Give us a chance. Give me a chance. You'll see.
If you weren't my daughter ...
Good to see you on your feet again, Jim.
This is supposed to be a celebration. The Eclipse is going to be my legacy. We break ground next year.
He invested in the Eclipse.
No. Must've taken place during the implosion.
You think he didn't?
Look, I hardly knew the guy ... or his partner, Joe Hirschoff. 
They were marketing the project in LA. They had a little money, so I sold them a few shares.
Two million.
Everyone was gathering on the other side of the roof. I think he went off with his partner.
Muggs?
Just wanted to see your face, and I missed you at the implosion party.
When's Lily get back from her cruise?
How about a family dinner?
You know you don't always need a reason to call me. I know you're busy.  I'll see you later.
When were you going to tell me about Lindsey?
It's a small town, Catherine.
Anything you need to tell me, I've got people who deal with this stuff. Nobody gets away with threatening my family.
What do you know about it?
Front desk found this in the quick checkout bin.
I don't know. This was just found. Same place.
I swear, I don't know.
I never wanted to involve you personally or professionally in any of my business.
I'll be right along.
She doesn't mean a thing. It's all show. Look, Muggs, yesterday was ...
I don't know what you're talking about.
Sometimes that's the way it goes in business.
I don't know.
I give you my word, no.
