Cuff him.
Brass, suspect's in custody.
Hey, the coroner's on his way.  Vic's a Jane Doe, no ID.
According to statements, she wasn't a part of Cirque du Soleil.
Yeah, but the body was discovered backstage.
I think he wants to tell you.
Amazing. Ground cork. From the audience, it looks like real sand.
Nice try.
Celia Noel, Wisconsin.
Well, clearly not her initials, but check this out. It looks like she hit every Cirque show in town.
Right up your alley.
Did she invite you to the show?
What did you do after the show?
We have. She's dead. Backstage at Ka. You didn't join her for the double feature?
Finely ground particles of Portuguese cork. Same stuff they use backstage at Ka, which places you at the crime scene.
You were there with a woman who wound up dead, which is why you're here.
What did she want to do?
And you thought if you went with her, you'd get laid?
Yeah, and you let her.
Have you ever seen anything like this?
-- terrifying.
Which do you think came first: The chicken or the egg?
Hey.
One of the residents reported smelling a gas leak at 6:00 a.m.
He, uh, called the gas company. They arrived; they evacuated the building.
The gas boys traced the leak to this apartment, and that was when they found ...
-- this.
Alyona Ivanovna. Manager said she's lived here alone for 27 years.
It doesn't necessarily indicate foul play.
I checked the doors and the window. There's no sign of forced entry.
Clear.
According to the management office, this apartment's a sublet, has been for years. He's not seen who lives here.
One of the other residents ID'd the tenant in the sublet apartment as Paula Sullivan.
Well, it's better than good. Apparently Paula Sullivan does a little day care on the side. We have a witness.
I'm Detective Curtis.  I'm ... so sorry for your loss.
We were able to match her fingerprints.
Fingerprints don't change. There was a tattoo on her right ankle -- an iguana.
Of course. As soon as we've completed the autopsy.
Sir, this is a homicide.
I'm afraid you don't have a choice. But I promise you, we'll treat her with the utmost respect.
Let me know when you release the body.
Well, just let me know.
And stop whistling.
Manager said he found her like this when he came by for a visit. Said they were friends, but he was a little unclear of her name. Monique something or other.
I'll take a look around for it.
Car keys. Cell phone.
No 'Mom' or 'Dad' listed. There's a lot of food for a junkie.
Monique Carter, 155 North Court, Henderson.
It's a good way to cover your tracks.
Can you describe him?
No one's looking for a down-and-out ex-con. It's less risky than drugs.
How do you know Ross? You meet him in the joint?
When was the last time you saw him?
Really? 'Cause the coroner said he's been dead at least a week.
I'd believe a dead guy over an ex-con.
This is Heidi's last known. According to her PO, she's been trying to straighten out. She's detoxed, got a job. She's dumped Ross Neddy.
Heidi Sultz?
You're under arrest.
Where's Ross?
Put her in the car.
Ross. Wake up, sugar.
Get on the wall.
It's ten more for falsifying an ID. Fifteen for grave robbing. Arson, that's another ten.
So you admit to digging up Roger Lapinsky?
We need to know if your company received tissue or bone from a Roger Lapinsky.
There might not be one.
We're going to need a copy of his records, and we're going to need to confiscate his parts.
Who gives you access to those parts?
According to your records, Roger Lipinsky's body parts came from the Silver Hills Mortuary.
Have you ever followed up on any of the patients who received parts from the Silver Hills Mortuary?
One of those victims was a 15-year-old healthy high school soccer player. You gave him a contaminated kneecap.
The families are going to sue you and your company into bankruptcy.
Because of you ... they're going to have to rebury their mother, their father, their son, their daughter.
Nick, Mike, can you step out a minute?
Miss McFarland is a babysitter, of sorts. I wouldn't leave her with my cat. I think she likes the pipe. She claims that that baby belongs to Courtney Evans. 
I'm going to call Child Services.
McCarty's phone keeps going to voice mail. And, according to the receptionist, he didn't check out.
LVPD. Open up.
It's a .45 auto.
With blood stains.
Feed's good. Officer Kamen, how's your read?
We got a possible.
LVPD. Up against the wall.
What's your business here, sir?
This officer will explain everything to your satisfaction. Get him out of here.
All right, I know you must be exhausted from your brutal day in the field, but it's time to go.
Officer Kamen?
Not as sorry as I am.
Did you know Officer Kamen?
Me, neither. I was watching her die, and I didn't even realize it.
Yeah.
It doesn't make you feel any better either, does it? You know, the scene's been released. Ms. Tallman was pretty insistent. We offered to leave a uniform with her, but she wasn't having it.
So, what are you looking for? The miniature's complete.
Well, she was dressed like her. She died in the right position. So did the cat.
So, she's dead. That's four stiffs associated with you, Lionel. Five, if you count Ernie.
Maybe Ernie didn't know you were a killer. Police start poking around, asking questions, showing him pictures. And when Ernie sees these ... he knows exactly what his little boy's become.
So he confesses to crimes you committed, shoots himself in the head; it's a dead end for us.
What are you talking about?
Sheila.
Megan told her parents she was spending the night with you.
Do you know where?
Are you okay?
And did she call?
And you weren't worried?
Uniforms found the van on patrol. They called it in. I cleared it, waited for you guys to open it up.
Which means Ryan probably wasn't driving, because his blood was all over the field.
Jonathan, do you have a key to the house?
If we brought you some photos, would you be able to ID the girls for us?
Marlon Frost, out of state. Bar patron found him.
Mm-mm, no witnesses.
Yeah. Seems to be flavor of the week.
I don't think he can.
Residential area. Not much traffic. Landscaper found the body, called
Definitely.
You thinking she got jacked?
I'm going to go bang on some doors, see if anyone heard anything.
Do you know anyone who'd want to hurt Simone?
Any guys involved?
Like who? 
She have s*x with these guys?
Where was Simone last night?
That place is a dive. That's not the kind of place to find rich guys.
Gold Square Bar, gold wad of tissue in her purse -- figured it was worth checking out. Looks like a bar napkin.
Probably work on me.
Yeah.
'Carey.' Looks like this Carey was hitting on the vic.
We're looking for Carey Corville.
Pat him down.
So you say.
Scotty who?
Where would we find your boy Scotty?
Address and phone. We're going to see what your boy has to say about this blood. Until then, you're coming with us.
It's me. 
Scott Brittington wasn't at any of his usual haunts, so I checked the hospitals, and guess what? He was admitted last night with a severe puncture wound to his shoulder. He told the staff it was a work injury, but during surgery, they extracted a bullet fragment.
Doc thinks someone tried to dig it out to avoid police notification, which actually made it a lot worse.
Yeah, that's for sure.
Well, I'm on my way to his room right now.
I don't think it's going to be much.
Hey, knock it off.
Mrs. James?
We have a warrant to search the premises.
We also need to speak to Aaron.
That could be considered assaulting an officer. Let's not make this harder than it has to be.
Mr. James? 
We need to talk to you down at the station.
You're not under arrest. We just want to talk.
What'd work better is if I took it out and shot it.
Yeah. Yeah, his attorney's on his way. You holding a press conference?
Like fresh meat.
How about this?
A piece of Champ Landley's skull in the hood of your sweater.
I'd say you were definitely there.
No. Not just that. Simone Molinez was dragged to death from your limo before the shoot-out.
Aaron was in the car when she was being dragged. I'd say that makes him a prime suspect.
What's a guy like Drops doing at a dump like the Gold Square?
We think it's that big shot attitude that's exactly what got you shot.
Taking that girl out of the Gold Square, you pissed off a couple of locals.
Everyone knows Drops ends his nights at the strip club. They were waiting for you.
So who did then?
Mrs. Delancy?
You found the body?
We believe whoever killed your husband had access to the house.
Hey, how you doing?
What time did you get back from school?
And then what did you do?
Did you ... see your dad at all?
Well, that's got to be tough. 
He didn't refuse and Mrs. Delancy was here.
Where were you this afternoon?
Can anyone confirm that?
Annie Lansfield, Cornstalk Queen of Tidioute, Pennsylvania. You move to Vegas to become famous and ended up doing diaper duty for a washed-up rock star. Do you want to tell me how you ended up in a safe that even his wife didn't know about?
Resourceful.
After making Scandal Pages money off it.
Here's a scandal: We got evidence of s*x between you and Izzy Delancy in Sven's bed. Or how about this: If you killed him, you'd be the first to crack open that whole story.
Exclusive pics, the whole deal.
We were wondering if you could tell us about your relationship with Izzy?
Izzy was a smart businessman. He owned all the rights to his music.
And you still don't an alibi for the afternoon of Izzy's death.
Son defending the honor of his mother?
Right, but your mom and Madeline are covered. They were together at the time of your father's death.
So maybe you were so angry with your father that you channeled your anger and used your skills as a model builder to build this.
And a nice ... heavy object to do this.
So, she's dead.
That's four stiffs associated with you, Lionel. Five, if you count Ernie.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, I recognize him. His street name's Ralo Perez. He's a drug runner for the Jamaican mob. According to sources, he was skimming, swallowing a couple balloons for personal use. He dropped out of sight a couple of weeks ago.
Well, that's one off my desk.
Patrol found her.
No. No businesses open, no cars on the side streets.
Well, in this neighborhood, unless she's a hooker, I doubt she walked. I'm going to go make some calls, see if any of these places have any security cameras.
There were no security cameras at the crime scene, but Ms. Maroney had multiple arrests for petty theft and shoplifting. She had just been released on court-ordered rehab for kleptomania.
She didn't care what she took. She just had to take it. 
Which means the theft victims are probably not the suspects. Got anything else?
Which is less than quarter of a mile from the crime scene.
Patrol found her just after 11:00. I'll start at the steakhouse and backtrack.
... terrifying. 
LVPD! Open the door!
Hey, Grissom, it's Sofia. 'Female Dell foster child, first name Natalie' was finally specific enough. 
Family Court just ordered CPS to release her records.
We're not with Social Services. We're here to ask you about a foster child you had a number of years ago.
So you just sent her back?
She's headed for the alley 
Rebecca McGill. She was taking a hike with her husband Gavin. He was taking photos. One second she was there, the next she was gone. He went for help.
Maybe.
It's going to take you some time to get down there.
Mr. McGill, you hiked to the ranger station for help. Why didn't you just use your cell phone?
You're free to go. But stay local.
Did you know she was on anti-depressants?
Worried enough to kill herself?
Let's just say your marriage wasn't so rosy. Alimony's a bitch. You get her drunk. It's cheap just to shove her off a cliff.
Why didn't you just tell us this in the first place?
Well, he's definitely good for something. I'll include the local hospitals in case they've had a stab victim.
The good ones, too. I just found your stab victim.
Patrol got a 415b call. Man with a knife. The paramedics rolled up soon after they did. The guy was already dead.
No. He was with his family.
Did your husband know the man?
Wha ... what do you mean, he just met his daughter?
Um ... I'll check with the clerk, see if his surveillance camera was working.
Made it back from the war to die on the streets of Las Vegas.
Okay, slow down. You're talking too fast.
I'm ready, sir, I just, I just need you to talk slower.
How many did you see?
A bunch. Two? Five? Ten?
Any descriptions?
You took the sweater off one of them and you didn't get to see what he looked like?
What does 'weird' look like?
Thank you.
I'm sorry. It's a crime scene. I can't let you pass. I'm sorry.
He's been badly injured, but he's being attended to, I promise you.
Hey.
He's been stabilized. Sara, he's going to be okay.
Well, the beatings were occurring every half hour, and it's been three hours since the last one, so maybe.
He's a cop.
Where?
Am I supposed to know who Uncle Lenny is?
Yeah, it's not ringing any bells.
And you bet for him.
But they won and now you owe Uncle Lenny G. ten gs.
Yeah, well, now you're eleven g's in the hole. The ten thousand you owe Uncle Lenny for the bet, and the thousand you owe us for filing a false police report.
Turn off the truck. Get out. And put your hands above your head.
You're going to jail.
Mr. Bombay. We found your keys at the scene of our murder. We also found your car close by.
Well, we also found a wad of bloody tissues in the front seat of your vehicle.
You tell me.
Was this your friend?
Why did she borrow your car?
Doesn't she have her own car?
So why did she borrow yours?
You ever see the guy move forward?
Not without an alibi. Where did you spend the night?
Pricey address.
This was just the opening act.
The killer must have followed her and caught up with her there.
No.
Here's a rosary.
Looks like it's broken.
And here's her purse and cell phone. You don't leave home without those unless you're in a hurry.
Someone was taking a trip down memory lane.
Drain smells like whiskey, empty bottles in the trash, more liquor than you could use in a wild weekend. She might have been going on the wagon.
Fresh fruit, vegetables, plenty of milk.
You think she was pregnant?
Well, I'll call a judge and get him to amend the warrant to include the vest.
The blood on your boot is Charlotte's. Your footprint was found on the brake pedal of her car in blood. The lab also matched hair from your fur vest to hair found dried in the blood of the victim in the church.
And yet, the one thing you couldn't get was Charlotte's love.
No, you gave her the car. You gave her everything. And how did she pay you back? She dumped you for your best friend.
She cared about Father Frank, didn't she? Did you suspect that she was leaving you for him?
Is that when you thought of crucifying her in Frank's church?
The paternity test came back. You were the father. 
You killed your own baby.
Well, kids with no money and no place to go usually come home quickly.
Uh, we haven't been able to reach Jason's father. Have you spoken to him?
I've had calls here before. A lot of these houses are vacant.
Okay, let's get around this fence.
Closet's clear.  Check the rest of the house.
Blood smear.
Toys and candy.
Grandpa lied through his teeth.
Recognize these?
Remember those dogs ... you were so interested in? Well, they led us to an abandoned house, not far from where you live, and that's where we found your teeth. We also found physical evidence -- blood evidence -- that tells us that your grandson and Lucas --
Before I start thinking you killed those boys, why don't you tell me what happened.
Against a pair of sixth graders?
So you thought you'd beat respect into him.
Sounds like they were afraid of you.
What happened after the altercation?
Why didn't you tell us this before?
They're evidence. We'll give them back to you when we're done.
Okay, I'll let you go. Until we find the boys.
There's a bus stop down the street.
Are you Gerald Crowley? Jason's dad?
Okay, let's go talk some place.
Where did he board?
Was he with anyone?
So, I'm not gonna report you. You can tell me the truth. 
Thank you for your help.  Can you tell me where he's sitting?
Hey. My name's Sofia. Are you Jason?
There's nothing to be afraid of, Jason. You're not in trouble. I just want to help you. You're on your way to Texas to see your dad, right? It's just ... well, when you went missing, your dad flew to Las Vegas to find you. He's waiting for you. Can I take you to him?
Do you recognize anyone, Jason?
Which number?
Number two?
Was he the man who kidnapped you and Lucas?
Jason, remember, you can see him, but he can't see you. Did number two hurt Lucas?
The first attack that night occurred just after midnight, in the employee parking structure at the Golden Sapphire Hotel.
A group of youths ranging from teens to early 20s attacked Vasco Ruiz, a hotel dishwasher on his way to his car.
He was apparently selected at random.
Mr. Ruiz was found dead at the scene.
Approximately thirty minutes after the first attack, not far away, at the Holiday Motel, they attacked their next victim, Jessica Hershbaum.
She's alive. But she has physical and emotional scars from the attack that she may never recover from.
Absolutely. CSI was still processing those crime scenes, and then I heard on my radio about another attack- - the third that night -- and that a CSI was one of the victims.
Yes. I drove over there immediately.
Three men, all seriously injured. Stanley Tanner was unconscious, as was Demetrius James and CSI Sanders.
The mob had pulled CSI Sanders from his vehicle and beaten him.
But it was his intervention that saved Stanley Tanner's life.
Hey.
Yeah, I heard. Starring the mother.
Like what?
Sorry? You going to apologize to the mother of a guy who beat one man to death and was trying to do the same to you? That's as good as saying you're guilty and setting yourself up for one hell of a civil suit besides. You did nothing wrong.
We put ourselves in harm's way every single day and sometimes we pay one hell of a price for surviving it. Other people will never understand that.
Did your wife have any enemies? Anyone she was fighting with?
What was her relationship like with Jill?
Her twin sister, Jill Case.
DNA tells us otherwise.
Is it possible that ... your wife knew she had a twin, but she hadn't told you?
True?
No.
I'm sorry that's ... that's not possible. We found them both ... last night.
Right now ... we don't know.
Mrs. Pomerantz?
Detective Curtis and CSI Nick Stokes.
We just need to ask you a few questions.
We were just curious about the circumstances under which they were adopted.
We were aware. How have you been since?
One of your daughters.
Who?
I'm sorry. Who's Tiffany?
So you thought Amanda had her hand out?
Sir, we have a warrant to search the premises, and we need you to come down to the station. If you can't make arrangements for your child, we have a Child Services Advocate who can take him.
Sir, are you resisting?
What have you got?
Well, no, smoking is bad for you, but, no, this is really more about where you were smoking.
You'd what?
And then it escalated?
And then what? Did your ... curiosity ... become an obsession?
Do you know anyone who'd want to do this to him?
After he left the room, did you hear anything -- argument, shouting – anything like that?
Okay, thank you; if we have any more questions, I'll contact you.
I don't get it. A john walks by, the door may be open, but why walk in?
Well, the manager said an older woman. A 'Pamela Voorhees.' He's got a camera in the lobby.
We hear you don't like criminals, either. 
We know you worked for Mickey Dunn. We know you chased him,
-- you ran him off the road, you stuck a gun in his face. That's armed robbery.
Johnny D'Angelo said it did.
Credible.
See, I'm thinking that's not the full story.
Well, why don't you tell me what you do remember.
I don't believe in ghosts. But we got one scared guy, we got two dead guys, and we got you, Derek. How do you feel about your buddies getting bumped off?
You ever seen them?
Scene is Code 4. Johnny D'Angelo is not at his house.
She has wounds on her scalp. Swab for DNA and trace. No scumbag defense attorney is going to make their reputation setting her free.
How long is she going to be like this?
Guys! Park rangers said there's some roads on the other side of this basin. We're going to go scout them.
What is it?
We found Sara. North on the 159 at Turtlehead Peak. We need a medevac out here right now.
You're going to be okay, Sara.
Female, 35, unconscious.
Sara. 
