It's fine.
I told the officer upstairs. I'm Stanley Hunter.
The curator. Do you have any idea the damage you're causing? With your dust, flashbulbs. You see that?
Right there, behind you. That is a 17th century text by Johannes Van Den Avelen. It's one of two volumes in the world. Now, do you go to the Louvre and put your hands all over the Raft of the Medusa?
Statement?
I just got here. I don't even know what happened. But what I do know is that these are masterpieces. One of a kind.
We're not dealing with the far ends of the ph range. See, old book pages are slightly acidic. The acid eats away the paper. We neutralize them by a solution that's slightly basic.
Exactly. Imidazole. Fifteen percent ammonia. That's the sort of thing we work with here. It's all about preserving the books. No, not that you could even assign a value but do you have any idea how much each of these books is worth?
The first printed book was a Gutenberg Bible. It sold at Christie's for $5.3 million. Lewis and Clark's elk skin journal sold for
You know, special collections are kept in the vault. Any rare book removed from the vault gets scanned through a coder. If the book is to be read it's delivered to a secure room upstairs. And if Veronica was going to work on it, it stayed down here.
Yes. It ... it was published in 1797. The author was a British Botanist. It's worth an estimated $300,000. It's really not a dangerous profession.
You did what?
All I have is my reputation and I'm not going to let you ruin it for me!
Poison? What are you talking about?
It never happened.
What? Aaron? Are you sure you trust him?
For her, not for me. She's the forger.
Oh, Aaron, Aaron, Aaron. I suppose he indicted me for that, too? He's the one who came to me. Told me about the illustrations. Said they felt like his bus pass. Whatever that means.
He even knew the page numbers. So, I checked it out and he was right. Veronica was using me and mea culpa.
When she died, I thought the problem was solved. In this business, all you have is your reputation. There was a dozen books. I was going to remove them from the collection inform the board, collect the insurance and cut my losses. If you don't believe me go ask your very reliable witness.
