You don't like cruises?
Because you don't love him anymore, or because you think he can't handle knowing?
Excuse me, I'm with a patient.
Crystal, what's going on here?
This is insane -- you've got the wrong guy.
I'm gonna need a lawyer.
I don't know, call Roger -- he'll know what to do.
DNA? I-I think I should talk to my lawyer.
I haven't done anything.
So that's it?
Come on, honey, let's get out of here.
That's your job. Unless you've got a warrant, you can't even touch this car.
For what?
I was at the house company buying some plants for my wife, to cheer her up.
A gesture goes a long way.
When the quarters run out.
Why don't you ask my brothers? I've got a cousin in Phoenix, maybe he knows.
Last time I cooperated with you guys, you put me in a lineup and I spent the night in jail.
Then why are you wasting time talking to me?
Mr. Grissom. I suppose you're compelling a DNA sample from my brother now.
Are you an only child?
You've got my brother in that room, he's family. I didn't want him to be alone.
Bailey only looks out for number one. Roger and Larry, they do their best to avoid Kevin. They don't understand him.
He's harmless. He chooses to live alone. He lives off the grid. He spends all his time turning junk into art.
Mostly from my brother's garage. Every once in a while, Roger lets Kevin take his pick of the wrecks. Beats inviting him over for Thanksgiving, you know?
You guys have been wrong before.
Why?
I don't have any injuries.
I did not rape that woman. I did not kill her. You guys proved that and you let me go.
That's from moving boxes.
That's an old scar. I was a bone marrow donor. My youngest brother Joss had leukemia.
What are you looking at? 
This is harassment. I've already given you guys a DNA sample.
The doctors explained it. I'm a creature of myth. 
My name is Todd Coombs. I raped and murdered Emma Dobbins and Linley Parker. There are more, but we'll talk about those later.
They picked me.
I didn't have to meet 'em. You go to a bar, you see an attractive woman, make your move, she shoots you down. You go home, you m*st*rb*t*. You get on with it. But when I see a woman who arouses me ... the whole world disappears ... except for her. She can't say no.
