Hey. Valerie Dino. I'm the on-call doctor.
Yeah. The administration asked me to set up some rooms for your interviews, but, uh, personally, I don't see what you hope to accomplish. These patients are criminals with severe mental disorders. They're not going to give you a straight answer.
Yeah?
Hi. 
This is a state-run facility. What can I help you with?
If you're talking about chemical castration, the answer is, yes, Robbie was.
m*st*rb*t*, yes. Ejaculate, no.
Likely.
Sure.
'Dearest Angel, I think of you wherever I go. You are my prince. I miss you. Write to me. Your only love, Mother.'  Another one. Uh ... 'It rained today. I thought of that time when you and I got caught in the storm at the lake. The fire ... I came home and made your favorite dinner. I even set a place for you ... ' so on and so forth.
It's not.
Fully consummated. Mother-son incest is rare and deeply pathological. 
Oedipus ... implies son to mother. In this case, the mother was seeking the love and creating the codependence. We call this a Jocasta Complex.
When Adam was nine his father died. His mother replaced her dead husband with her son.
Yeah. Adam is schizo-affective, suicidal, and a pathological narcissist. When he was a teenager he was unable to retaliate against his mother and incapable of actual intimacy, so ... he started raping women.
Yes. Which is why I don't think he killed Robbie.
You see, that surprises me. Like any good psychopath, he rarely veers from his pattern. Adam is a single-celled organism who exists wholly for himself. He must've been getting something tangible in return.
Drugs aren't his issue. And as far as I know he doesn't smoke. Um ... 
Uh ... he starts with an innocuous object: a tree, a cat, an oboe -- all of which he morphs into something deadly. You can see ... all of them.
Mother becomes lover.
She lives near Reno.
Every time a letter came, a manic episode followed, then a severe depression, including one suicide attempt. So I started sending the letters back. Eventually, she stopped writing. 
Gentlemen, this is our new nurse, Nurse McKay.
