Squad car found her about a half hour ago -- no ID, but there's a lot of homeless in this area.
Looks like somebody took something to her head.
Didn't find a weapon, but my guys are still looking.
Congratulations. How much did you pay her? 
No, seriously, good luck with that, man. I didn't even know you had a girlfriend.
All right. I'll check out the strip clubs.
You tell us.
So, you're just a good Samaritan.
Listen, did she tell you her name, or, uh, how she ended up there, anything?
According to the garbage man, she ran up from this direction.
Must be where she got the bag.
Victim wasn't carrying a cell phone. She's in the wrong part of town in her underwear, scared out of her head. She's gonna call her man, her family, someone.
I'll dump the call records.
Oh, yeah? 
So what do the girls get paid for this?
Well, the 'Giselle' number went straight to voice mail. The voice mail said to contact her here.
Huh?
Yeah ... no, according to his office, he's away in Laughlin on business. We're still trying to get in touch with him.
You actually teach this?
Come on ...
Oh, really?
History in Vegas gets imploded.
Well, it looks like it is.
Las Vegas Police.
Catherine.
Why don't you tell us what happened.
Um .... Mr. Cutler, when was the last time you were home?
All right, well, what about drop-offs?
So?
Did you get his name?
Looks a lot like Willie.
The suspect was last seen running south.
Okay, move south one block. Check each apartment. This guy's armed and dangerous.
Okay, good. Let's get some vans down here, bring them all to the station.
Caprice full of shooters opened up on two of our guys. One's down.
He's DOA. Three suspects are dead. Fourth outstanding.
A little street justice. Civilians okay?
You guys okay here?
So he must have been out of ammo.
Maybe he didn't know he was out. Heat of the battle. I mean, we're not talking rocket scientists.
Get her out of here.
You shoot an innocent kid in the back just to take his bike? You piece of crap! Get up!
I'm sorry to say yes, sir.
That's also correct, sir.
We got three of them off of prints. Priors for narcotics and connections to the Mexican mafia.
Now, we have eyewitnesses who claim that they saw the suspect with his hands raised just before he was shot.
Probably pulled it from his waistband.
There are several eyewitnesses who claim that they saw him plant the gun on the body.
There's justification for this.
Paramedics prioritized transport of the injured. Downed officer first, civilians next. By the time they got to the suspect, he'd passed on. You know, just a little retroactive birth control.
