Well, I ran the exemplar toothbrush against a blood sample from the men's room. It's not a match.
Couldn't get enough epithelials for DNA 'cause the kid probably hadn't been wearing them for very long.
Well, I did confirm a positive result for urea in the underpants. And the quantity and distribution suggests that the kid wet himself.
I got a hit on your blood. Conner Daly. Convicted of NRS
That'd be 's*x with dead body.'
The hair isn't Hayden's. The chromosomes are XX.
Yeah. So I took the liberty of comparing the sample's DNA to the victim's DNA. There are seven alleles in common.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, well, given the amount of hair that you collected, she's also probably a very hairy woman.
Hmm?
You want to see if the sister was in the victim's house.
Oh, hey, I'm glad you're here. I got the results back from the blood on Bianca's bedroom floor.
Uh, no. It's a male, but it's not a match to Ahren Green. Then I ran it through CODIS and I actually got a hit. Justin Cole. He's in the system for statutory rape a couple years back. Among other things.
Who's your daddy?
Or the family jewels. I got the results back from all those s*x stains on the sheets. Three donors: Ahren, Bianca and Chelsea.
Yeah, I just really hope he was only doing one woman at a time. Chelsea is Bianca's mother.
So Henry found oxycodone and chlorpromazine in both the right and left eye. Now, one kills pain and the other puts a lid on panic.
Yeah, but this gets so much weirder. Because that dead up eyeball -- it actually belongs to somebody else. 
See, the vitreous fluid from her eyeball showed that she'd only been dead for a day; but the DNA from the other eyeball, well, it was male, and it seems to have been separated from its owner for about a week. So, I ran it through CODIS. And the eyeball belonged to a Jack Landers, who is a convicted s*x offender.
Well, rape is legally defined as putting an unwanted foreign object into a genital opening. So sexual ... no ... 
I got the results for the sinew in the girl's teeth, and in this case, the hand that feeds ... was her own.
Yeah. Now, I don't know about you, but I would rather die of starvation than to eat my own hand.
You think she was trapped?
The dirt from outside the barn tested positive for human DNA. And I mean a lot of it, over a dozen profiles. And one of them matched Zoe Kessler.
And although chain of custody is a bit problematic, 'cause a plastic lunch bag isn't department issue bindle, the DNA from the condom, it matches both the saliva from the book page and the dead guy, Jacob Wolfowitz.
I have a question. How do you have s*x with a guy who killed your daughter?
So the DNA I extracted from the hair on Caroline's brush is consistent with the blood found on the wood floor.
So you need to find the body.
So the powder that you found on the bedroom floor was actually keratinized skin cells. They belong to the vic, and morphology suggests that they're probably from her cuticles.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know about you, but if I could afford to live in an apartment like that, I'd be in a spa every week.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, I'm on a break. I'll see you in twenty.
No, make it dinner.
Me, you and my friend Julie.
Deal.
So the isolated blood drops from behind the register are not a match to your vic. In fact, they are male.
Later. So, Mandy says that you have a suspect. The guy have any cuts?
How'd I do that?
It went directly into his bloodstream.
Okay, the blood from the snowboard bag was a match to Mother Chase.
Yeah, 'they' is right, 'cause I also found two female epithelial contributions. One on each handle of the bag, and then one of the same females was also a match to the DNA from the knot in the pantyhose.
That was good thinking.
Uh-huh?
So I don't have a match to one of the handles to the snowboard case, but, um, your napkin girl ...
She got to be a bridesmaid.
She matches the other handle.
Well, hey. What are you doing?
Serology? Now, I read about that in my history of forensic science classes. So, what exactly is it you're trying to do?
You know, for you, I clear the decks. I mean, I can just rush your samples through DNA.
You mind if I stick around and watch?
Yeah, I do, but some guy's using my lab.
Okay, now as I recall, the reagents have to be fresh. Right? So, where did you get those?
You got anything else in there? Bottle of tequila, perhaps? Severed head?
Yeah, I'll say. 
I just analyzed the secretion swabs you collected from his body.
Oh, yeah. The donor's female. She's consistent with both the blood from the mirror and the pubic hair from the victim's mouth. And then I ran the profile through CODIS, and you got really lucky.
She's a local prostitute. She's in the system for a trick roll.
Excuse me. I got the DNA results for your decapitated Civil War corset victim, and the blood from the field is a match to Carson ... but the epithelials on the toupee from the train tracks are not. So, were any of your suspects wearing a rug?
So I heard that my predecessor in DNA had all these you know, personal hygiene issues. Well, just for the record, I'm not like that. I have always been very touchy-feely. I mean, I used to work in San Francisco, you know. So ... every day we started with hugs.
Hey, how about lunch tomorrow? Just you and me. Cause, see, I-I figure that you gotta know where the bodies are buried around here. So to speak.
No. No, um ... I compared Christina Adalian's DNA to baby Joey's, and guess what? Mother and son -- they're not mother and son. At least not genetically speaking. There's no relation.
Nope. So assuming that there was no big baby mix-up at the hospital, I'm thinking that Christina Adalian had to be a surrogate.
Hello.
Yeah, but there's one problem. A surrogate's not supposed to keep the baby. The surrogate is supposed to be a gestational carrier who returns the child to the biological parents after it's been born.
I got your results from the blood on the bullet. It definitely belongs to Officer Bell.
This is my first deceased police officer. I heard that his wife is pregnant.
Yes, sir.
I understand what this means.
I ran the blood from the coffin through CODIS, and I got a hit, but it's not Ross Neddy.
Well, DNA matches a Heidi Sultz, who did time for domestic assault and is currently out on parole.
That is what I love about this town.
They've got good Eggs Benedict 24 hours a day.
No, I'm going in early. 
Okay, I'll see you at the lab. Bye.
Hey.
I said, 'How do you feel about butt implants?'
Thank you. I wasn't really talking about me, but ...
The blond hair from the tub does match the saliva left in the mouthwash bottle. And it's female, but not from the dead hooker with the big back seat.
I got your DNA results, and the blood on the gun from Frank McCarty's hotel room, it doesn't match either victim. There were no hits in CODIS, and the DNA print ancestry markers say that it's from a black male.
Will do. I really hope he's clean.
Okay, we got quite the smorgasbord here. Um, the only constant from the crabs is Ryan. He's half the DNA on each of the combos. And the other contributors were Megan, Sheila, several unknowns, and everybody's favorite photography teacher, Diane Kentner. Certainly hope she gave him an A.
You know, if you're still having trouble coming to terms with the fact that this is no longer your lab, I suggest counseling.
Okay.  Hmm. Boogers on a nose straw.
Well, in recognition of your years of previous service, I will make it a priority.
You're welcome.
Hey. Um, I got your DNA results.
Well, there were two donors on the nose straw. There was one unknown female and one half-known male.
Yeah. Greg, the male is the brother of Demitrius James.
Oh, hey. You got to be pulling a double if you're in my lab at this hour.
What's up? You need a hand?
Oh. ABA card. It's negative for semen.
So I have the DNA combo from Sven's bed sheets, and none of it was actually Sven's.
I ran DNA on the guy who was holding Lindsey.
Um, kind of. See, this guy has markers that are found in, like, ten percent of the population, which reminded me of some other results that I'd been processing recently.
The suicide from Sam Braun's implosion party.
Right. So when that came up, I ran all the other exemplars from the O'Brien case, and I got a hit on a piece of hair from the duct tape that they used to bind Lindsey.
The semen on the tissue in the bathroom did not come from Vernon Porter.
Well, I don't want to derail this but why kill Porter and not go after Heather?
We could also narrow it down even further by cross-referencing the dates that Trevor lived with Ernie. I mean, that's got to be enough to get the foster records released, right?
So I got bad news and weird news. Which would you like to hear first?
Bad news: I got nothing from the blue stocking that was found in the trash. Weird news: I tested the red lipstick on Gary Sinclair's collar and I got DNA, but it wasn't his wife's.
You know I like to be thorough, so ... I ran it through CODIS and I actually got a hit: Natal Peled. She's in the system from a rape charge in L.A.
No, they don't. Yeah, I had to know, so I called a friend of mine at L.A. Sheriff's Department, and apparently, Natal was a nurse at a Hollywood hospital. And she went to the annual Christmas party, she fed this doctor a bunch of cocktails, slipped him a Prevalis, and then took him up to a hotel room. And rumor has it, it was in order to have unprotected, you know ... baby-making s*x. So he pressed charges, she was arrested, and then they settled out of court. And now Natal's a nurse at our very own Dessert Palm.
You're not going to like the answer. The DNA on the cigarette butts doesn't match Natal.
Well, we're not. DNA was female, so I ran it against Amanda, thinking, I don't know, maybe she takes super-secret cigarette breaks. And it wasn't a match, but they do have seven loci in common. So, is there another sister maybe?
Hey, um ... you know, how we thought that the shrink was a slam dunk for Jill's strangulation-hanging-combo?
Well, I ran his DNA against the epithelials we found on the leash. And the epithelials are male, but they're not his.
