Hey, tough luck about the, uh, wife abuser getting released.
You think I wanted you to whiff out on that? Your reputation as an entomologist elevates this entire crime lab which elevates my stature by association.
You're dropping the ball in other areas, though. Administratively?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court.
Hey, he told my guy it was an emergency but I have it on good authority that he was gambling. 
At the Monaco.
That's right. On CSI time. I don't like him using one of my guys as a cover. I figure if he brings anybody down with him it should be from your shift. Don't you think?
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court, but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
Grissom.
Night shift so slow you've got to pick over my cases?
He's a volunteer fireman, Gil. He knows how to start a fire and hide the evidence. Don't you think, if this guy was remotely innocent his attorney would be involved in your little investigation?
No, we are public servants. We investigate cases as efficiently as we can and then we move on. We're not a clearinghouse for defendants on the eve of trial who don't like what we've turned up.
Fine. Spin your wheels.
What the hell are you doing?
You're checking for faulty wiring? Waste of time, Gil. Fire started on the floor in the closet not in the wires in the wall.
A heater? There was no heater there.
And I suppose you happen to know which outlet it was plugged into?
That's a little far-fetched, don't you think?
All right, you say wall, I say floor. We differ on points of origin. The jury's only going to hear one word: Gasoline.
I personally swabbed the closet floor. Found traces of hydrocarbon chains confirming gasoline. Leave it alone, Gil. The DA agrees with me on this.
No, there's only one unanswered question. Why was there accelerant in the closet? Only one person knows. And that's why he's looking at the death penalty.
I didn't send anyone. It's been on the books for months.
If you'd have checked the docket like everybody else you would've known what was happening. Coffee?
Guess you don't want cream with that.
I need to speak with him.
Well, let me guess ... about his involvement with a dead hooker?
I realize that. Thank you. I just came from the lab. His prints were all over Kristy Hopkins' house. Let's see, wine glass ... oh, bedside table.
I need a DNA sample from you, Nick.
We found a condom, used.
A license plate number? Vehicle belongs to Jack Willman. Had a fight with Kristy Hopkins outside the Orpheus last night around midnight.
Well, I'll look into it but come on -- your fingerprints, your DNA --that's what's going into evidence.
You think I want to believe that a CSI could commit murder? Hell, I don't even want to believe that a CSI could sleep with a hooker.
Catherine, I'm sorry if you guys don't like where the evidence is pointing. But show me otherwise -- tell me I'm wrong. In the meantime, my hands are tied. I have protocol to follow.
Boy, if I ever get in trouble, I know which CSI I'm going to.
The witness sounds believable.
Ignore the evidence against Stokes it looks like special favors for CSI.
Warrick Brown had one of my guys sub for him in court but I have it on good authority that he was gambling.
I just got off the phone with the Sheriff. He wants results, Gil.
No. What he should do is go to his first team-- my team.
Well, it is, and my crew usually wins.
You know, you can joke all you want. It's your ass on the line.
Like I said, it's all about results. And, if you don't get them I will.
I've been going over it.
What, you're afraid I'll find something that might show you up?
I don't care that you got some pimply-faced kid to confess. You kept the Sheriff out of the loop. That's a career-killer, Gil.
Willows. Just the person I wanted to see. I just signed off on the authorization to destroy evidence in the Stephanie Watson homicides since I was the primary, and then I learned tonight that the evidence has been checked out by you and Warrick. You care to explain that?
But Kelso didn't have an accomplice.
