I hate the legwork. I'm telling you, that Deputy Chief job better come in soon. I don't know how much longer I can put up with these damn public appearances.
Hey, guys, take a break, huh?
Suicide.
You got the sleeping bag for easy cleanup, the bathtub to catch the bullet, open window so the stench alerts the neighbors ... god bless him.
Oh, geez ...
English. I'm not an entomologist.
That's a maggot, and he stinks. Oh, good, it's almost 11:00. Maybe if I'm lucky I can break out of here in time for a shot at the first rack of the Krispy Kreme.
When we get some free time, try and catch up on your reports. I'm getting a lot of heat from the sheriff's office. There, I said it. Administration, not my favorite thing. All right, here we go. Nick Stokes, 414, trick roll. Victim found drugged and robbed at the scene. 
Warrick Brown, 407, home invasion, forced entry. Person reporting crime fired multiple rounds at the suspect. Suspect's condition is ...  ... unknown. Anyone seen Catherine Willows?
So your mother is Lieutenant Jane Gribbs from Traffic, is that right?
Well, Congratulations, Gribbs. 
You're the fifth person I've been forced to hire. We're the number two crime lab in the country. We solve crimes most labs render unsolvable. Now what makes you think you belong here?
Yeah, so?
Fair? Well, you think putting a juiced-in Lieutenant's daughter on this shift is fair? You know, I've been in the field 22 years. I've seen it all. I've seen people like you come and go, and you know what? They don't amount to nothing but headaches and bad press. Dismissed.
You're scheduled to appear at an autopsy at 12:30 A.M. 
They're cutting up that bozo put a hole in his chest. Take her with. I think every new hire should experience an autopsy on their first night.
If you want me to call Judge Cohen at 4:00 in the morning you'd better bring me something more than a damn toenail.
And what do you got? Hair fibers. Big deal. So there was a struggle. I mean, who gives a corn cob? The guy was protecting his wife and kid.
The guy lived there, Warrick! Maybe he put on the victim's sneaker and fetched the paper one morning.
You don't even know the toenail was the vic's.
Not good enough.
Look, I said no, Brown, damn it!
Hey, we're not done, Warrick. You stay right there. 
Criminalistics, Brass.
He's local, good. I'll phone the judge for a warrant. 
Hey, Warrick, I guess we're all done now. Hey, do you mind closing the door behind you? I got to make an important call. 
We'll talk about your little foot fetish later. 
Judge Cohen, please ...
You're off the case.
Why? You deliberately went over my head, Brown. The phone call from the judge saved your job, but not your ass! I want you shadowing Gribbs. A robbery just came in.
Tough! Grissom! 
Have Warrick shadow Gribbs for the next three weeks or until Nickie makes his hundredth, whatever comes first.
Sorry to break up your party but I need grave to pull a double. Holly Gribbs has been shot. She's in surgery now. Apparently the suspect returned to the scene. They don't think she's gonna make it. Brown, I'm putting you on administrative leave pending a full report of your whereabouts. So wash your face and change your socks. You have a long day ahead of you.
Well, congratulations, Gribbs. You're the fifth person I've been forced to hire. 
Putting a juiced-in Lieutenant's daughter on the shift is fair?
Grissom!
Have Warrick shadow Gribbs for the next three weeks or until Nicky makes his 100th, whatever comes first.
Holly Gribbs has been shot. They don't think she's going to make it.
You're the boss. 
I mean, I can't say I didn't do it to myself.
Homicide. Believe that?
Instead of moving up, I'm moving back in a time capsule, like it's
Yeah.
Yeah, cover your ass ... and hide. They're all yours, pal.
Guilt therapy.
Police officers! Open up!
Okay, let's sit him down. Let's get a saliva sample.
