First things first. This tape was not recorded in the warehouse. No auditory echo.
Yeah, a car, a small SUV. The tape was an inch from his mouth. Sibilant pops bear that out. Helps that the killer uses hi-fi mini-cassettes. Picks up everything let me get rid of the wipers.
I don't know yet. But ... recognize this?
Now, here's where it gets funky. Watch my sensor levels.
See how the color wands gravitate towards the bottom right corner?
There's an auditory imbalance.
A blown left speaker. Sounds like the driver's side one blew.
What does that get you?
Okay, we're now at 26 times magnification. Rendering at 1086 lines.
Surveillance stills from the laughlin heist. Four perps; we've identified three: Darin, Tammy and Adam. All deceased.
That leaves one.
Well, that's why I'm here.
I've divided the photo into segments removed the disguise and rebuilt the original image based on male physiological norms. Now, it's not exact but you'll have an idea of what your guy looks like.
: Thank you, thank you very much.  It was on the hard drive of the computer you got at the crime scene. Looks like a Peter Croft sculpture.
What? On my salary? Guggenheim's as close as I get to something like that.
Really? Well, if you want a tour, I know a docent.
House like this, probably not a knock-off.
Yeah. Let me show you the 'after' photos.
Same spot.
Good question.
Well, they don't call them open houses for nothing.
The Newmans unlocked their door to anybody with internet access.
You can say that again.
Yup, I got him.
Sometimes, reflections beget reflections. I figured if I could get a glimpse of the Augie cutout maybe I could get a glimpse of the cameraman.
Check out the lamp.
So, this is the last footage we have of the Dominguezes alive.
Not yet, but check it out.  Brass's witness said he heard a couple arguing at 10:35. 
This must be them, going down. But coming up ... 
That's a room key. Tangiers Casino.
I got the stripper's boyfriend on camera. 
If he just killed somebody, he's being really cool about it.
So golf ball salesman was too doped up to kill her. The boyfriend couldn't have bludgeoned her without getting blood on his clothes.
Oh, hey.  Nellis sent over the radar surveillance. Current feed goes back 48 hours. This is where your decedent was located.
Using echo and doppler shift we can determine an object's speed.
Found your chopper. It's holding steady. Airplanes can't do that.
Aw, come on, you can't unfund me now. I ... I'm committed to presenting the paper at SWAFS next month.
Oh, yeah. Tragically, my banking account isn't as dedicated as I am.
Wait. How 'bout you kick me a little overtime under the table, huh?
We lost the feed.
Hard to say. About the same, I guess. 
I'm gonna get some coffee.
The light and the fan must have been running off the same battery.
Signal's running through an anonymizer. Different ISP each time we click the button. But I think I've got a handle on the pattern. I'm getting closer.
Okay, I've got the web cam trace down to here.
We subpoenaed MapQuest -- they store each page on a different server. All queries are saved for 72 hours, then they dump the core.
No, physical location doesn't matter. What we do is a reversal process.
Using the internet protocol number, we can get to the server.
Right. We hunt for child pornographers the same way.
Sybil Perez.
Hey, Gris. I reviewed your videotapes. Checked for insertions, deletions, omissions. They're all authentic.
Oh, yeah. I de-interlaced the video, checked the head switching, the hbi-vbi looked for in-out signals. The tapes are clean. Sorry.
Yeah. One every six hours. They're in layout, when you're ready.
Hey.
Got e-mails, IMs, text messages—a minute-by-minute diary of Kira Dellinger's life.
What made you think to check her Twitter page?
They don't expect privacy. They value openness.
Hmm. 'It shouldn't suck when two boys fight over you, but it does. Drummerboy19 won't be a man. And TorchX wants what he can't have. They both bug.'
Well, TorchX responded to that. 'KiraEdge, you know I never give up.'
Let's see if this 'TorchX' has a real name.
