Didn't beep you to say hi.
You were right. It is polarized. Ultraviolet quotient is very high. Glass is from a car windshield.
... then she crawls home, gets on her bed and commits hari-kari?
No.
But ... I can narrow it down to the year it was manufactured. Car companies add more ultraviolet sealants each season to stay ahead of safety standards. Used a comparison study of a car that was made in 2001. 
Your windshield glass is from a 2002 model.
Mm-hmm.
Wools are worsted. 12-ounce weight.
Light ... weave. Mostly for season spanners.
Worsted is predominately used in the manufacturing of suits and light overcoats. The finish on this is trademark coating in high-end suits.
Mmm. I'm not done. There was also blood present on the burnt wool.
It's victim's blood, from your chef. 
I know what you're thinking. Couldn't possibly be his suit. Chefs wear checks and white shirts. But somebody did burn a bloody suit in the restaurant kitchen. A high-end suit.
You have a candidate.
Yeah. Uh, David Hodges. Transferred from LAPD.  They said I had an attitude problem. Said that I thought I was entitled.
The question isn't who -- it's how. As in how do they expect this lab to test forty thousand bottles of overpriced tap water?
Yeah, cyanide and x rays -- that's a lucky break. But any of you geniuses have a 'lucky' test for naratriptamine?
Why are you looking at me?
Yes, you are.
GC/mass spec found no trace of accelerant on the couch residue.
Well, my dear, this is why you should never pick up the couch left for curbside pickup. 
Polyurethane foam. Outlawed in 1988 due to its highly incendiary nature. You light that crap on fire, it heats up, creates a burning pool of liquid, and acts as its own accelerant.
Disaster waiting to happen.
That's the black trace you found in the blood pool. It's a mix of PVC resin and liquid plasticizer. When heated together, they form a solid elastomer film called plastisol.
Mostly Greg Sanders wear. Uh, names, hair band logos, inane sayings, anything that can be put on a t-shirt.
I've got a question for you. What substance contains the following ingredients: Sorbitol, cetyl alcohol, isopropyl myristate, glyceryl, stearate, peg-100 stearate, petrolatum, benzylalcohol, titanium dioxide and purified water?
Correct. It's doxepin ointment.
Sounds Klingon, huh? Anyway, uh, it's prescribed by doctors to treat dermatological inflammations caused by contact with certain types of plants. 
Your killer has a rash.
The substance on her hips is suntan lotion. Waterproof, zinc oxide, high SPF.
Mm.
Navicula, hannaea, achnanthes, cymbella.
Yeah, not the free-swimming kind. These are epilithic diatoms. Attached to rocks.
She places herself in a bad situation.
There's more plant material here than geological. 
So the vic wasn't buried?
I will. Leaves and needles and dirt -- that's good as a map.
Of all the plant life gathered from the head, the conifers are the key. The one on the left -- abies zasiocarpa. The one on the right is picea engelmannii, engelmann spruce.
Typical for 9,000 feet above sea level. The wood fragments are either cottonwood or aspen. And aspens only grow in areas that have been cleared.
After a major forest fire, manzanita bushes grow like weeds for decades.
Which means that the head was on a damp north-facing slope, at least 9,000 feet up, cleared, but not recently exposed to fire.
The sticky substance in the slide of your gun is tape adhesive. What about the blue coloring? Chloromide M.E.A., Sodium lauryl sulfate, pine oil. Components of your basic bathroom disinfectant.
Whew.
Everybody knows you hold it. 
I like Chandra. She's cute.
Your shovel from the desert? 
Dug into the paint history of somebody's car.
Black enamel undercoats, general motors, '60s vintage. Three layers of primer plus a acrylic top, pink.
Yeah, Mia sent me that wad of hair that you pulled out of the hotel drain.
It's coated in bleach. I'm thinking the killer must've poured the stuff down the drain. Really compromised the trace.
No, uh, I called you to discuss the bleach. The hairy wad smelled a bit woodsy to me. Which is odd, considering it should only smell like bleach. 
That disgust you?
Hm. Anyway, um, I analyzed the bleach.  It contains a cedar additive. Thought you'd want to know.
Sure, Gil.
