Name's Ernie Dell. Maintenance man. I work 3:00 to 11:00.
Uh, yeah, and Raymundo was just fine when I left.
Kept my nose out of his business; he kept his out of mine. Didn't have a problem with him. 
Well, between you and me, the guy you ought to be talking to is Ike Mannleigh.
Well, Raymundo's pretty far down on the pecking order.
No. Not unless you think a guy banging your wife is a problem.
Can't blame him, though. Bubbles Mannleigh is a cheap whore.
Me? Nah. Reminds me too much of my mother. Besides, uh ... Bubbles likes the dark meat.
You know damned well they do. You took 'em from my house. They're mine and I want them back.
Everybody knows Izzy Delancy. He's famous. Used to do it to his music.
Who?
I don't know anything about that. Lots of guys got them shirts.
I've been making scale models since I was nine years old. I sell my stuff at craft fairs, to hobby shops, over the Internet, every damned place. Sold things to hundreds of people over the years. Any of them could have ended up in the hands of your killer. You're just picking on an old man 'cause you got nothing.
You charging me with something?
Charge me or let me go.  I want a lawyer.
My name is Ernest Edward Dell. I was born in 1946 in Ames, Iowa. My life's been hard, but I don't complain. I never expected better. 
I'm good with my hands. I make things. I fix things. I'm a handyman. That's what I am. 
I'm not the sociable type. I know that. Spend any amount of time around people, you get your heart broke. Treachery, hypocrisy. Promise of love.
Look into the mouth of a person, and you'll find lies wriggling there like maggots waiting to grow wings. The world has gone mad. A man could kill from sunup to sunset, and still his work would never be done.
My name is Ernest Edward Dell. I was born in 1946 in Ames, Iowa. My life's been hard, but I don't complain. I never expected better. 
I'm good with my hands. I make things. I fix things. I'm a handyman. That's what I am.
I'm not the sociable type. I-I know that. You spend any amount of time around people, you get your heart broke -- treachery, hypocrisy ... the promise of love.
A man has a right to an honest day's pay. Me, I service the machinery of death so that people can eat. If that makes me evil, then so be it.
Look into the mouth of a person and you'll find lies wriggling there like maggots waiting to grow wings. The world has ... has gone mad. A man could kill from sunup to sunset, and still his work would never be done.
I just come from the police. They showed me your miniatures and they showed me some pictures of some dead people. The cops know I helped you put some of that stuff together. They know I-I-I delivered that package to the old lady's house, like you asked me to. They think I killed, I killed all those people. 
Natalie, did you kill them?  Did you kill those people?
Why? 
They're going to put you in jail, honey 
Unless there's something else? If you had a good reason... they'll listen to that. Raymundo ... did he put his hands on you?
And the old lady? And that pervert rock star? If they done something to you, just tell me what it was.
Honey... I know there's some people out there that deserve killin' ... and you ... you had good reason, right? ... to kill 'em, right?
All right. 
I want you to listen to me. What you've done is done. I can't fix that. But I can still take care of you. I ain't going to let the police get you. But you got to promise me you won't kill nobody else. Promise me you'll be a good girl.
That's right. My special girl.
You were the one thing I thought I'd done right.
