It's ... Jean-Paul Sartre. 'Huis clos.'  It loses something in a translation.
The blood from the hairy wad that you found in the drain is consistent with the victim.
That's consistent with the DNA from the first attack. You are looking at the same rapist. I want to show you something.
I read about this phenomenon in a forensic journal ... 
Oui, oui.
So, I processed the DNA from the coffee cup, and it turns out that there were two contributions on the lip, which means that your coffee shop recycles, and not in the good way.
Bad news is that neither of the contributions is consistent with the semen that was recovered from the crime scene. 
Hey. Want to talk about semen?
The semen on the vic's doorknob and the neighbor's doorknob is consistent with Trip's DNA. So, what I'm thinking is that Trip put a trophy condom onto his neighbor's door and then transferred a trace of his reproductive material back onto his own doorknob.
Sara, I went to college.
Sara?  I got something off your thumb.
So when you struck out on prints, I ran DNA through CODIS, hoping maybe the guy was in the system off an open case or a prior felony. I got no straight-up match, but ...
Yeah, seven alleles in common, and based on the age, I'd say it was his daughter.
So? Where are the clothes she changed out of? 
Look, I already know you have a running bet with another CSI over how long the new hire lasts, so let's skip it. You got something for DNA?
Exemplar?
Thank you.
The seminal fluid on the boy's underwear matches your pedophile.
You got any friends in uniform?
Okay, look. Megan's law has holes. Police aren't required to notify a community about a predator. So flood his block with flyers detailing his crimes. Trust me, the neighbors won't let him out of their sight.
I don't need help.
I don't eat out.
I don't like expectorant.
Kitchen staff talk while they prepare your food and then the wait staff repeats your order over the plate, and by the time you get your meal, there are several DNA samples coating it.
Yeah. No, thank you. 
I don't eat birthday cake either.
Ugh. Don't get me started.
Helping, uh ... Sara.
The report is still pending, but the blood on the mother's t-shirt matches the blood on the blanket.  Belongs to the victim.
Negative.
Nevertheless ...
I was very thorough.
Hey.
Hmm.
Hmm. What set them off?
What about the hooker?
I am super backed up. Can this wait till tomorrow?
I processed the swabs from the wife who found her husband in the hooker case.
Two contributions.
One was a match to the wife's DNA. The other was from an unknown male. I found the same unknown male contribution on the swabs from the Alice Granger homicide.
They're not. I also matched that unknown male contribution to a rape kit from the day shift.
That's why I raised the alarm. I was able to narrow the time frame to the last 48 hours.
I got a positive result off my negative control. Matched the contamination. Turns out somebody at the manufacturer forgot to put on their mask and then sneezed or coughed on what was supposed to be a sterile product.
Kits. Trucks. Vests. Work stations.
It's on its way. Until then, do it old school.
