Hey!
You got anything to do with taking my bull off tomorrow's day sheet?
Yeah, I'm Nancy Twicker. And I want my bull in the finals. The more he bucks, the more he's worth. So whatever you got to do to clear him, get it done.
It's not the bull's fault. I blame Cody for taking him out after hours.
Well, sure, we always want the bulls to buck. That's why we tie a flank strap across their back. They're trying to shake it off. Think about it. If I tied a rope around your testicles, would you feel like jumping up and down?
Well, one guy could get a bull all the way to the bucking chute, sure -- 
-- but well, then he'd have to tie on the bull rope and the flank strap. 
Then he'd have to get on the bull.
Not without help.
The chute only opens from the outside.
Can you do it in eight seconds?
Even confined like this, these are not the most cooperative creatures. So if my flank man says get back, you jump. Hey, Cash.
He's a kicker.
Cash knows bulls like nobody. Heck, before these kids could even walk, they're out riding sheep, then calves and baby bulls. And finally these one-ton, back-jerkin' snot-slingin' monsters.
Now, they get all busted up and quit ridin', but they just can't quit these animals.
It's called an electroejaculator. It's used on bulls that have back trouble.
Yeah.
Hell, no. First of all, you don't collect during competition.
Now you're talking. And when I do collect, I bring a service out to the ranch. You know, one collection from that old boy gives you about ... two hundred breeding units. At a hundred bucks a pop, you do the math.
Cattle rustling? No, not Cody.
Cody wouldn't steal from me. Besides, it's a two-person job, no matter which method you use.
In addition to your electroejaculation, you got what's called an artificial v*g1n*. Now, you get a teaser animal in there, like a steer. See, bulls go homosexual in captivity. You get that bull to mount that steer, then you get that AV in there right before the ...
Yeah. I thought he had a new girlfriend in Vegas from the way his mood was changing. She's younger, probably ... does whatever he says.
Listen, if you need anything else, I'll be at the arena all day.
Well, Captain, I'm not a one-bull kind of gal.
It'd be going a lot better if my bull Wintwister was in there bucking.
Cash!
Cops want to talk to you.
He's got the sleeper cab up front.
Now hold on. I own this rig. If you guys want to search it, go ahead.
Dustin? He's a bullfighter.
He's right there.
