Tragedy struck early this morning when an on-duty Las Vegas Criminalist was brutally gunned down. 
It was her first night on the job. Victim Holly Gribbs was investigating a robbery/homicide in an apartment on the corner of M.L.K. and Warm Springs.
The crime lab now faces the daunting task of investigating the shooting of one of their own. The wounded C.S.I. has been taken to Desert Palm where she is listed in critical condition. The suspect is still at large. 
Details of the arrest will be forthcoming in this live report. 
Federal Agent Culpepper is about to start his news conference. As we've been reporting, a suspect has been arrested in the strip-strangler case. 
As we first reported yesterday, the remains of an unidentified caucasian female were unearthed in Summercliff. The five foot four inch woman was approximately 20 years old.
Authorities are asking for the public's help in identifying the victim. 
If you have any information please call the Las Vegas P.D. Hotline.
Wall street Analysts, though, say stocks ... Good investments for the long term.
The Las Vegas District Attorney is reportedly preparing to file homicide charges against Benjamin Corey Jennings in the so-called Burial Murders Case. Jennings has been in police custody for the last ...
...Since he was caught burying the first victim, Oliver Dunne in the national forest.
Las Vegas awakens today with a terrible realization that our city may face a new and deadly menace. 
Fifteen-year-old Casey Flynn collapsed and died this morning shortly after drinking a bottle of Innoko water at a convenience store near Torrey pines.
... at the Comedy Hole. The events occurred on opposite ends of town, have not yet established a definite connection between the two deaths. But Las Vegas residents fear the worst -- that our city may be in the grip of a product-tampering nightmare.
New leads in the double homicide at the Sphere Hotel and Casino. According to sources within the crime lab, the killer or killers most likely fled the room CSIs call 'Murder Central,' the nearest room to the emergency exit. 
CSIs are currently checking surveillance footage in an effort to identify possible suspects.
...stunned by the death of former top-ranked junior middleweight Lorenzo 'Happy' Morales, whose body was found floating in a pool late last night ... 
... at the Sugarcane Ranch Brothel in Bryant County. Morales, best known for his ability to take a punch, was reportedly attempting a comeback to boxing. 
LVPD is investigating the incident, which they are treating as a homicide.
