Hey! Police! 
Come on, you pervert!
Oh, well, you're not such a hotshot once a real woman gets a hold of you.
Look, I saw him in the bushes. I scared him.
I got him by surprise. I got him.  You're not gonna -
Yeah, I'm fine.
Everybody tells you to get more involved in the community, but once you do ...
Jujitsu, shotokan.  They act on their own. I am just a vessel.
I was on my way home from spin class on my bike 
... and then I saw him. He was in those bushes around Jennifer's place 
... and I guess I thought the guy'd be scary. 
Hey!
... You know, night stalker scary, but he was like a wet french fry. I knew I could take him.
He's filing charges on me? This is ridiculous.
That's great, you know? The guy's out there raping women and I end up getting strip-searched by the police.
Really?
Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Yes, and thank you for offering to split the check. My date really appreciated it.
Why were you at a restaurant like Nob Hill by yourself anyway?
That's not exactly the rule.
The Elizabeth Rodriguez homicide. She had bite marks on her with saliva in them, and the saliva turned out to be canine, and anytime a dog is impounded in a criminal case, its DNA is collected and profiled.
It's just like CODIS.
Anyway most of the cases in the database are gang-related. But I figured, well, it's worth a shot.
It's protocol.
Really?
Hey, Nick, have you seen Catherine?
The canine DNA database got a hit on the saliva. It's a pit bull named Hannibal.
And then held at Del Santos Kennel until he was released to his owner, Gino Aquino.
Well, you do good work in that neighborhood, and you're bound to piss off the DSKs.
Hey, Buckaroos. Have you seen Catherine? 'Cause I just got the results from that semen stain on Cody Latshaw's jeans.
I did. I had to run an Ouchterlony test on it.
No ... no. Bovine.  Yeah ... I took a psychobiology class once and we studied a very interesting case. Okay, there was a guy, he lived on a farm, and literally the only way that this guy could get sexually satisfied was when he was with livestock.
Well, see, apparently, the whole thing started one night because he was in the barn -- it started snowing. He got stuck in there. He couldn't make his way back to the farmhouse, so he decided that he would try and stay warm ... well, with a sheep. 
But then the horses were jealous, so ... 
-- and ... you know, and I think there was a cow in there as well ... 
Have you seen Catherine around?
'Cause I just got the DNA results for Weatherly Adams, and the skin under her nails and the semen from her SAE, they both belong to Vaughn Krunty.
Vaughn Krunty, aka 'Zack Putrid.'
The Titan of Terror, The Sultan of Slash. He's the movie director. I just ... I found him in CODIS for a statutory rape charge in Laughlin when he was 18 and the girl was 16. Can you believe that?
Nothing.
Okay.
Well, I did it on a whim. I was supposed to be an extra, but then they liked me, so they gave me this whole featured bit. I got 600 bucks for that. What? What? I was fresh out of college. I really needed the money. 
I don't have huge breasts. Mine are kind of ... medium. 
I got your DNA results. 
The dead boy was confirmed as Tom Michael's son. So he's definitely not your kidnap victim from New York. However, the results of the SAE kit on the female victim showed two semen donors. 
One was Tom and the other unknown, but that unknown was connected to two unsolved rape murders in CODIS.
Well, if there are, then there may not be any associated DNA in the system. Small towns usually can't afford to run it if they don't have a suspect.
