Yeah, I'll say. 
I just analyzed the secretion swabs you collected from his body.
Oh, yeah. The donor's female. She's consistent with both the blood from the mirror and the pubic hair from the victim's mouth. And then I ran the profile through CODIS, and you got really lucky.
She's a local prostitute. She's in the system for a trick roll.
Excuse me. I got the DNA results for your decapitated Civil War corset victim, and the blood from the field is a match to Carson ... but the epithelials on the toupee from the train tracks are not. So, were any of your suspects wearing a rug?
So I heard that my predecessor in DNA had all these you know, personal hygiene issues. Well, just for the record, I'm not like that. I have always been very touchy-feely. I mean, I used to work in San Francisco, you know. So ... every day we started with hugs.
Hey, how about lunch tomorrow? Just you and me. Cause, see, I-I figure that you gotta know where the bodies are buried around here. So to speak.
No. No, um ... I compared Christina Adalian's DNA to baby Joey's, and guess what? Mother and son -- they're not mother and son. At least not genetically speaking. There's no relation.
Nope. So assuming that there was no big baby mix-up at the hospital, I'm thinking that Christina Adalian had to be a surrogate.
Hello.
Yeah, but there's one problem. A surrogate's not supposed to keep the baby. The surrogate is supposed to be a gestational carrier who returns the child to the biological parents after it's been born.
Okay, we got quite the smorgasbord here. Um, the only constant from the crabs is Ryan. He's half the DNA on each of the combos. And the other contributors were Megan, Sheila, several unknowns, and everybody's favorite photography teacher, Diane Kentner. Certainly hope she gave him an A.
Oh, hey. You got to be pulling a double if you're in my lab at this hour.
What's up? You need a hand?
Oh. ABA card. It's negative for semen.
So I have the DNA combo from Sven's bed sheets, and none of it was actually Sven's.
I ran DNA on the guy who was holding Lindsey.
Um, kind of. See, this guy has markers that are found in, like, ten percent of the population, which reminded me of some other results that I'd been processing recently.
The suicide from Sam Braun's implosion party.
Right. So when that came up, I ran all the other exemplars from the O'Brien case, and I got a hit on a piece of hair from the duct tape that they used to bind Lindsey.
The semen on the tissue in the bathroom did not come from Vernon Porter.
Well, I don't want to derail this but why kill Porter and not go after Heather?
We could also narrow it down even further by cross-referencing the dates that Trevor lived with Ernie. I mean, that's got to be enough to get the foster records released, right?
So Henry found oxycodone and chlorpromazine in both the right and left eye. Now, one kills pain and the other puts a lid on panic.
Yeah, but this gets so much weirder. Because that dead up eyeball -- it actually belongs to somebody else. 
See, the vitreous fluid from her eyeball showed that she'd only been dead for a day; but the DNA from the other eyeball, well, it was male, and it seems to have been separated from its owner for about a week. So, I ran it through CODIS. And the eyeball belonged to a Jack Landers, who is a convicted s*x offender.
Well, rape is legally defined as putting an unwanted foreign object into a genital opening. So sexual ... no ... 
I got the results for the sinew in the girl's teeth, and in this case, the hand that feeds ... was her own.
Yeah. Now, I don't know about you, but I would rather die of starvation than to eat my own hand.
You think she was trapped?
The dirt from outside the barn tested positive for human DNA. And I mean a lot of it, over a dozen profiles. And one of them matched Zoe Kessler.
And although chain of custody is a bit problematic, 'cause a plastic lunch bag isn't department issue bindle, the DNA from the condom, it matches both the saliva from the book page and the dead guy, Jacob Wolfowitz.
I have a question. How do you have s*x with a guy who killed your daughter?
