Leg fell asleep.
I always wondered which one of us coroners would get to carve Tony.
His lifestyle was no secret -- s*x, drugs and a big bankroll. No needle marks on his arms. The guy plays golf; short-sleeved shirts checked between the toes ... groin area. Whatever he did went up his nose.
His nasal cavity looks like raw hamburger.
Or they're pressure marks. For example, if someone places a pillow or object against someone's nose and mouth in the climate of struggle.
Not always. For as much as pathology is an absolute science, it isn't. Vessels can rupture under innocent circumstances such as a violent cough.
No neurotoxins present but that's not to say some overanxious paramedic trying to save a legend's life didn't cause them in the moment.
Then I don't know what they are.
Braun's stomach contents. No food. Plenty of drugs.
And heroin.
Inhaled and ingested.
Got there somehow.
Didn't find any.
My guess, someone mashed up the Xanax, dissolved them in red wine, which I did find.
It wasn't a hundred pills.
Educated, unofficial guess: No more than fifty.
Get a speeding ticket?
Vincent Thomas Avery. I.D.'d him from his prints.
No mystery in cause of death. Gunshot wound to the outer ear.
Left ear at that.
Soot depiction on the skin surrounding the entry wound tells the story.
Bullet entered the external auditory meatus fracturing the skull base. Cracked the hardest bone of the skull.
Hot off the fluoroscope. Haven't had the pleasure yet.
There is your bullet. Deformed projectile in the right side of the calvarium.
You bet.
Something tells me, this isn't filled with white sugar.
I'd say about 50 balloons. Green dye you see here is probably from lime flavored gelatin. Makes them much easier to swallow.
Well, all indications are he was brain-dead from the time he collapsed at the hotel
An artery out-pouches blood floods the subarachnoid space.
Heart still beats, but the brain's dead. And it doesn't regenerate.
Genetic predisposition. Both parents went that way. It increases a person's chance of stroke ten-fold. He looks like an athlete.
I was wondering when you'd ask. Prime donor candidate. Next of kin signed off.
Eight in under two hours.
I deal with cause of death, which was an aneurysm and therefore, a natural, and based on that his body is released to a mortuary.
All may not be lost. Here... body of Robert Fairmont released at 0400 hours to the Desert Haven Mortuary.
Embalming certainly retards the decomposition process.
The liver's degraded but any metal should still be there.
Who'd you like to start with?
Identical body temps and vitreous humor. Both women died approximately 12 hours ago.
All I can tell you is cause of death. Injury to the cervical spine. Looks to be hands-on.
She died instantly. Now, the blond.
Contusion to the forehead, not fatal. Whatever cut her face cut her arm. I found glass in all the incised wounds. Except for these abrasions on her neck.
I swabbed the abrasions for foreign DNA sent it to the lab. 
Severed brachial artery. She bled out.
Sure.
A wildflower and a wallflower.
There's the initial bullet hole. No other leaks. Died from a single gunshot wound to the chest just like the others.
Not likely due to the origin of the facial burn.
True.
The finger was severed postmortem. No hemorrhagic tissue at the point of injury. And they used a serrated blade. Jagged teeth patterns on the bone. Not much else I can tell you. It's just a finger.
Amanda Freeman. 
My guess is, she's been in the water about 24 hours. 
Washerwoman effect. But no saponification.
Mm-hmm.
I found some in her nose and trachea, too. The decomposing body would need time to attract the bugs before submersion. Well, she's been dead 48 hours 24 hours above water, 24 hours under.
Blunt-force trauma. Back of the head.
Look at this.
You'll have to get it under the microscope. My guess is some form of stone. Granite maybe.
Well ... the entry wound tells me the body sustained a projectile.
Uh, but there's no bullet fragments in the tissue and no exit wound.
Bullet wounds usually leave bullet evidence.
There's no evidence of a bullet in this wound tract.
That was my next suggestion.
Something. A metal fragment. It's not like any bullet I've ever seen.
Titanium ... maybe a pin.
Oh, here's the manufacturer's number. I should've bought stock when I first started finding all these medical implants.
Excuse me?
Foreign tissue. Cow. Makes absolutely no sense.
This more of your cross contamination?
On the day you plan to expend a meat bullet? Ahh ... a frozen meat bullet?
Well, I'm ready to watch history.
Bullet-like entry wound. 
The meat disintegrates. Lost in the soft tissue. Hmm.
What took you so long?
Tox screen came up empty except for quinine. Must have had malaria in the past six months. Either that or he's a big gin and tonic drinker. I've ordered up his medical records. If I was this guy I'd have been popping pain pills. Hairline fracture of the ulna bruised kidney, ten stitches off the orbital bone fractured nasal bone, all recent. Healed rib fractures. 
He should have worn a cage. 
I bet he was proud of every last battle scar. What is it about organized sports?
So, uh, what did this guy do in real life?
Competition junkie.
Not me, not anymore.
Foibles of youth.
Not sure.  This cut nicked his carotid. Double-edged, clean blade, hockey skate, uh ... 
Fun continues. Basilar artery also suffered significant trauma. Evidence of blood in the intimal space. Possibly enough to cause syncope.
Well, it could explain why the vic ended up in the bottom of that pile.
W.P.W.: Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. Interferes with the heart's electrical system.
Well, it didn't show during the post, but I looked at the tissue sections in histopath. 
They showed a small defect in the atrium of the heart. 
Not necessarily. You know the quinine I found in his system? Lethal for someone with W.P.W. Big scars didn't do him in. It was the little scar.
All were shot in the third eye, the sixth chakra, vortex of consciousness. I was a gray's anatomy man, until I lost my legs. I started getting phantom pains no drug or exercise could control. I began studying the chakras.
Each has a color and a vibration. 
Muladhara, the root chakra, keeps us in the physical world. Svadisthana, seat of sexual energy. Manipura, melting pot of spiritual and earthly desires. Anahata, the loving heart. Visuddha, where feelings are given expression. Ajna, the third eye. Saharsrara, the crown connecting the mortal human to the timeless universe.
Ajna, the hub of higher consciousness.
Hmm, there's a very good chance your killer's a Buddhist.
Not a drop of ethanol in his system not even from cough syrup.
My guess, hungry. Driver's medical eval taken just last month. Martin Draper, 40.  Overweight. One of 15 million people in this country suffering from Type II Diabetes.
Primary course of treatment would have been exercise and weight loss to lower blood sugar.
But he was dieting.
Crash dieting. Didn't find any food in his stomach. Means he hadn't eaten anything in at least six hours. An empty stomach invites hypoglycemia.
And in extreme cases?
Cum Laude.
Just what you'd expect. Massive injuries, internal bleeding.
We know two things for certain. Jane Galloway died from a lack of O2 and she is a natural blond.
It certainly looks that way.
Uh, petechial hemorrhaging in the eyes, deoxygenation led to cyanosis, hence the blue lips ...
... blue fingertips ...
... and blue face.
If she had struggled with her assailant that effort alone could have limited her oxygen intake causing further O2 depletion of the brain ...
Easy kill.
No physical findings. You'll have to check the kit.
Looks execution-style. At least one shot to the back of the head. A lot of bruising around these handcuffs.
Well, it's no longer 'trunk man.' Identified him from his dental records. Jason Doyle. Dead for three days; no GSR.
We only recovered one slug from his cranium.
And I got this fragment from his lower back.
Vascular embolization. Bullet got into his arterial system.
Well, it took a full-body x-ray for me to find the thing. Bullet entered here ... 
... fragmenting at the neck and losing velocity upon penetration 
... of the carotid artery. Tube down the aorta, continually losing momentum. 
As it exited the aorta, it struck the vertebral column and then was swept down to the base of the aorta ...
... where I recovered it here at the lumbar region.
Looks like nines, like we found in the Chief.
Yeah.
Tuberculosis victims emit breath that smells like wet leaves.
I'm not sure. 
How about Darier disease? 
There's diabetic ketoacidosis. Body has excess glucose which converts to ketone ... Gets expelled through the pores. Has a fruity smell. It would help if we had a piece of the assailant's clothing.
What?
Quick. Name three human bones that can stand a twelve story drop.
They appear to be the only bones not fractured or broken.
Gil, he wasn't shot. This is the guy that fell of the new jailhouse. Are we talking about the same case here?
News to me. I didn't find any physical evidence of electrocution.
Negative on the burn marks. In most electrocution cases, capillaries rupture, hemoglobin leaks into the perivascular tissue.
His body contradicts your crime scene.
Mrs. Buckley, do you have someone to drive you home?  Mrs. Buckley?
Do you have someone to drive you home?
My youngest just turned 14. Tough age.
Cranial-cerebral injuries. Comminuted fractures of the occipital bone.
First blush? Yes. Waiting on toxicology. In the meantime, check out his torso.
Possibly.
You, too, huh? His body's covered in them.
Well, maybe it was as simple as he wasn't wearing his shirt and pants.
Exactly what kind of therapy was this?
No can do. Released six hours ago.
Another 24, but there's nothing in there to support Valenti was electrocuted.
You want to look at my notes?
His troponin enzymes are elevated.
Sure, but troponin's found in all victims of cardiac arrest, most of whom have not been zapped.
Uh, vic also had an elevated concentration of iron in his blood -- six, seven times normal.
No.
Well, it fits the bill of 'mundane.' His skin looked jaundiced.
Dead or alive, your vic's epidermis is yellow.
What? ... Okay, I'm working with you. Uh, I don't remember. I mean, genetics can be fascinating -- and there are things I take note of -- but I didn't focus on his genitals.
You're welcome.
Barry Schickel from the high school. Dug three of these .44's from his back. 
First one cracked his infraspinous fossa.
Second one entered ... past the interior angle of the scapula punctured a lung.
And the last one entered just right of the right anterior sarratus muscle ... pierced the heart.
This is a special case. 
See the scar? This guy was attacked before ... I'd say in the last six months.
Whatever it was, it would've killed him. If his heart had been there.
Barry's upper body? All his internal organs are on the opposite side of typical placement.
Which was good for this guy, until his luck ran out.
Six months, hand-to-hand combat. Sounds like something your suspect would do?
Jacques Cousteau. Kidding. Coroner's humor. But I'll tell you what I do know. He didn't die in that fire. No carboxyhemoglobin in his blood. 
Tells us he stopped breathing before the fire started. Guy was probably killed someplace else and dumped.
Victim's injuries are inconsistent with a fall of that magnitude. No fracture of the pelvis no compression of the lumbar vertebrae no shortening of the body.
His heart stopped beating. 
The human heart beats in a four-beat rhythm like a fox-trot. The two atria contract, then the two ventricles. Ba-boom, ba-boom.
Commotio cordis. Cardiac concussion. The guy short-circuited. It's rare, but I've seen it. Couple of years ago a minor leaguer took a line drive to the chest. 
Interrupted the impulse to the heart turning it into a bag of worms. Fibrillation.
Definitely. 
... Lake Mead. Sorry, Nick. But I did find something between him and his wetsuit. Soap residue. Like he started to shower. Soaped up never soaped off.
Oliver Dunne. Corporate lawyer. Father of two.
His wife-- widow. She came down to I.D. His property.
Last one I recovered entered through his abdominals ... 
... pierced the liver, lodged in the oblique.
You might be right. He died of asphyxiation. Tie probably closed the windpipe. 
Without oxygen, the alveoli capillaries wither and dry up. Whole pulmonary system shut down. What you may have here is the smallest sliver of the murder weapon.
I'll take it from here, David.
Catherine.
No serosanguineous fluid expunged from the mouth or nose.
Rules out your jacuzzi theory.
Bright red lividity extending down the body.
Well, heatstroke possibly. Stroke could cause multiple organ failure and if I'm right ... 
Hey, I still have to do the post. Catherine?
She died two to four hours before she was discovered. Jury's still out on cause of death but considering the whip and ligature marks it's no stretch to say it was violent. Some of the scars on her back are years old. Some are fresh.
That's the strange part. Her body's a road map of abuse but there's no sign it was sexual. She hasn't had intercourse in months.
Left or right?
Mona Taylor didn't die from the beatings but cause of death was equally as slow: Asphyxia. You look like you expected it.
Well, there's something else. She had some odd scaring in the inside of her nose. Some small red circle. 
She worked in a s*x club, it could be caused by anything.
Maybe I lack imagination but why would you need a straw at a s*x club?
There's a difference?
Cocaine?
I like to think so. So this is our cross-dresser in thee ? I.D.'d as Adam Brower, shot in the back with a hollow point -- close range. Mushroomed upon impact maximizing trauma.
Forty-five. 
Someone didn't want to share.
Contusions on the anterior neck. Streaking erythema on the lateral aspect of zone one. Cartilaginous tracheal rings are crushed.
Catherine.
How'd you know?
Put his thumbs around her air pipe and pushed.
I swabbed her neck. Affirmative for epithelials.
Parents called. They're on their way in to I.D.
Oddly, relieved.
Since I'm the one who always seems to state the obvious this arm was dead before it was hacked off.
Occupational hazard, maybe. I see this kind of thing a lot in bricklayers, plumbers, carpenters.
Gradual denaturation of the proteins in the epithelials. Resulting in general scarring on the palm or surface.
Can you get a partial?
The trans-section of the left wrist is consistent with a self-inflicted wound particularly because she's right-handed.
People usually stutter-cut a few times ... 
... trying to work up the courage.
This woman cut herself with one smooth motion.
Nothing. Not back yet. But I'll get it to you soon as it is.
Minute pieces of it, yeah. I tweezed a few for trace.
Probably safety glass.
I was over here on an exhumation matter. I knew you wanted this. Tox results for Linda Damen.
The electrolyte and glucose levels in the eye were normal. Means your victim wasn't dehydrated or diabetic. Other than that ... 
Okay, David.  Case 03-615. Postmortem exam of an adult. Caucasian. Male. Identified as Fred Stearns. Body received warm to the touch. Rigor mortis not present. Skull nose, bones are intact by palpation. Irides are brown. Slightly congested. Hmm. Unidentified dry black substance on the front of the teeth. Gingiva and lips. Okay. David, open him up.
Hmm?
Get me my kit. Come on.
Hold this. let's go. Keep it tight. That's good, David.
Pulse is rising. David, string me a suture needle.
Go! Go!
I consider myself a superhero every day.
C.O.D. is still indeterminate. Blunt force trauma is a possibility. She has some perimortem bruising around the left eye. But limb removal is relatively clean. Definitely postmortem.
Second degree midline episiotomy scar.
But there might be one other thing. At first I thought appendectomy, but check out her x ray. 
She's had surgery. Some kind of implant at the L4-L5 interspace. I'll know more when I open her up.
Pulled it from the L4-L5 interspace. Cobalt chromium molybdenum alloy with a titanium coating and an ultra high molecular weight polyethylene component. An artificial spinal disc. If you can recreate a spine the possibilities are endless.
Eh, typically, but it can limit mobility. With that little disc, your body doesn't know the difference. 
Matches range of motion, flexibility and an axial rotation of a normal spine. 
Still in clinical trials. Less than a thousand surgeries have been performed in this country.
You'll like this even better. Medium endplate, size 12, polyethylene component and a six-degree lordosis angle. Narrowed it down to one. Amy Ennis. Austin, Texas.
That's for you to find out.
Okay, David, take two.
Any word yet on a poison?
It could've been a factor, though. Uh, gum churns up stomach acid -- instant inflammation.
Bullet entered through the throat, severing the spinal column. C2's adjacent to the brain stem. Sever that, respiration shuts down, resulting in almost immediate death.
Wood splinters embedded in the jacket.
Sure, just finishing. Some people actually do die of natural causes in Vegas you know.
So what's on your mind?
It's a rough procedure. The basilar is the chief blood supplier to the brain stem. Here, I'll show you.
They put the patient under hypothermic arrest, meaning the heart will be stopped and blood artificially circulated.
The objective is to decrease blood pressure so the aneurysm can be clipped. Imagine taking a knife to a balloon.
The neurosurgeon has just under an hour. One slip, the artery ruptures causing a catastrophic brain hemorrhage.
Nine out of ten times, Sara. I'm sure her doctor told her.
Tox report on your foam guy came back negative.
No drugs, no alcohol, no medication, not even an aspirin.
The sternocleidomastoid muscle and the jugular vein were lacerated. 
The wound was a bloody mess, probably lethal.
Hard to say. Definitely an odd entry wound. Not a knife or sharp object ... probably something blunt, like a pen or a stake of some sort.
Check this out.
Stand by. I'll process the tissue in histopath, see if it's worth writing home about.
Hey, Gil?
Carmen?
Opera makes it all seem so lovely. And at the risk of sounding like your mother, you're going to ruin your eardrums.
Our victims tissue -- Trey Buchman. The, uh, circular contusions I sectioned, indicate damage extending only 30 microns below the epidermis.
Man-made, high-pressure, subcutaneous injector.
Simply high pressure penetrating the skin.
Our victim was injected with insulin.
Nope.
Insulin doesn't make for a narcotic or hallucinogenic high so I don't know why Buchman would take the stuff.
Stop it right there.
Hey.
I'm generally immune to the stench of a decomp, but, uh, two weeks of decay still tickles the vibrassae of my nasal vestibule.
Crank up the milliamps.
Let's find out.
I feel like Androcles pulling the thorn from a lion's paw.
It probably broke off when it hit the bone.
Catherine, you can't say good-bye in an autopsy room.
Looks like something out of Nosferatu.
I've never seen that before -- a wooden stake embedded in the high parietal scalp in the midline. Hold his head down firmly, will you?
On three. One ... two ... three!
Irregular puncture defect to the scalp, laceration to the sagittal sinus. The wound track stops at the falx cerebri. No gross penetration of the cerebrum. That stake is what kept him driving.
Well, the application of more than normal pressure to the wound acts like a plug, temporarily keeping him alive. The spike probably struck ...
... between the brain hemispheres ...
... most likely lodging into the parietal bones and holding it in place. They say it's a game of inches -- a centimeter to the left or right, and he would have bled out and died instantly.
That, or live an extra hour in excruciating pain.
No apparent cause of death. I'll send a blood sample to tox.
Could indicate pulmonary edema. Found bruising in the lower extremities and the knees, but these injuries are a few days old. The bruises are at various stages of healing.
Well ... let's see, it extends around the body ... like so. 
Ah, I've seen this before. Did you find rope at the scene?
Found them in Isaiah's stomach contents.
Starts to break down as soon as it hits the mouth.
The shell is porous. In the stomach, the medicine leeches out, enters the bloodstream. The case is left behind. 
Eventually, the casing's broken down, as well, but by then, the medicine's already working.
Well, it should be listed in the PDR, but I couldn't find it.
Pill casings.
Dog lover? Dog walker?
25 milligrams. Four pills wouldn't have been fatal for a child Isaiah's size. Based on the blood levels, these remnants were probably a second dose.
Let me guess: No air bags in the vehicle.
Preliminary cause of death, epidural hematoma. Her head impacted the steering wheel.
Blood accumulated between the inner table of the skull and the dural membrane. 
Her injury is consistent with a severed middle meningeal artery. 
I considered and dismissed all age-related factors. No arthritis, no significant impairment of her senses. She has had part of her colon removed, probably due to injury or prior medical condition, but Sara, it's irrelevant to your case. I found no physiological explanation for the crash.
Return visit, huh? You're here about the tox screen.
Less than two nanograms of THC, so per nida, she wasn't.
I know where you're going. Let me stop you. THC has no significant cumulative effect, so maybe the question is: Why was a woman her age doping up?
Tell you what-check out her optic nerve.
That was before the tox screen came back. You know, it's not standard procedure to check for glaucoma, but the mary jane tipped me off. People think it slows the progression of the disease, but it just reduces the pressure in the eye and that reduction's only temporary. Prescription medications do a much better job.  Unfortunately, they don't have the same side effects.
It didn't affect her driving. Sara, Diana Lambert has nothing more to tell you.
You already reviewed the driver's tox screen. Now you want her basic blood panel.
Let's go.
Why are you focused on those hormones?
Well, you're talking about the sympathetic response to stress-eyes dialate, heart rate goes up, hormones go haywire.
Kamikaze granny.
Gentlemen, saponification occurs most frequently in infant burials. That's because their bodies have more fat, and their bacterial flora aren't fully developed.  ... Slowly ...
Hold it.
Hmm. Look at this. Something for Catherine.
All right. Let's pull the rest of this out. Historically, saponified corpses that maintain their physical features were looked upon as, uh, incorruptible, even saintly.
So, when it happened to children, it just reinforced that notion. Hand me that foot there, would you? Okay.
You know, interestingly enough, since formaldehyde is alkaline and American caskets are sealed, there are more bodies in this country turning to soap now than at any other time in human history. We are, in fact, the adipocere capital of the world. USA -- we're number one.
Did you ever chop wood, split a log?
You should try it sometime. I find it relaxing.
The blow here was delivered similar fashion. The temporal bone was hit, driven down hard. Upper palate smashed. Most of the teeth gone.
Yeah, by something fast and powerful.
No, industrial accidents are messy. These cuts are too clean. My guess -- single impact.
Possible. I'll cast the tool marks. 
Could be ritual mutilation or fetish murder.
My thoughts exactly. 
The preferred sample is a large bone with a portion of joint, and we freeze, grind and sequence. Want a breast or thigh?
It was 'Build My Gallows High', with Robert Mitchum, 1947.
... and Kirk Douglas. Trust me, the book was 'Build My Gallows High'.
Puncture wound is small. Not a knife. Seems like it penetrated all the way to the brain stem, and there's some bruising around the mouth.
Didn't Telly Savalas do that in 'The Dirty Dozen'?
Right.
Looks like somebody ripped something off his neck.
What'd you got?
Couple of fractured ribs. Deep purple contusions of the presternal chest wall. Each one around two inches in diameter. I stopped counting around nine.
It's hard to tell. Whatever it was, it had a great deal of velocity.
Cause of Death: Single gunshot to the chest. No evidence of gunshot residue.
Yeah. 
If that's the case, he was shot by somebody 10 to 15 feet tall.
Scabbing abrasions on the elbows, the back and kneecaps. 
Looks to be harmless 'boys will be boys' stuff.
Myocardial necrosis. Just what you'd expect from a heart attack, only I didn't find any blockages consistent with coronary disease. He was remarkably healthy for a dead guy.
The answer is ... the three main ways to take cocaine.
Very good. The answer is normal nasal passages, clear lungs, and no track marks on the body.
We'll have to wait for Final Jeopardy.
I checked her lungs-- bath water. And the blow to the back of the head consistent with a fall. Besides, homicide reported that nothing at the scene indicated foul play, so, there was no reason to do more than an abbreviated autopsy.
Well, this is personal, Nick. I tend to take my work to heart, and when the two of you come in here asking me to sign a court-ordered request for an exhumation of a body that's already left my hands,  I tend to take it very personally.
That's wrong, Captain. It's my ass on the line. I don't think the two of you are sensitive to what we're really talking about here. First of all, exhumations are costly and public. Makes this office look inept, and that's just internally. God forbid it gets in the newspaper. Remember something -- the public does not understand 'abbreviated autopsy'. All they hear is, 'Oh, what did he miss?'
Respectfully, Nick, I don't think you understand.
Mr. Phillips, she's not going to hop out of that coffin by herself.
Well, it's very simple. You will open it up.
David, would you go to the store and buy some cold cream?
Her makeup -- it's got to come off.
Thanks.
Embalming fluid's a witch's brew of formaldehyde, phenol, menthonol and alcohol, perfume and pink coloring agent.
Yeah. It's like bathing an infant, Nick. Soft and always in motion.
No, you're doing fine. See the bruising on her back and her right elbow?
Well, it wasn't evident four weeks ago. Subtle bruising may not be evident ...
... at the time of death, but it can be accentuated by the embalming process ...
... after the body leaves my slab. This bruising would have meant nothing to the mortician.
It's my job to spot them, their job to cover them. Let's turn her over.  Got her?
Here we go.
All right, let's see what's under that makeup. 
Bruises on her face.
No surprise here. He drowned.
Lack of bruising, no bleeding wounds. Indicates his circulatory system had stopped. This was postmortem.
Uh, don't know. Not a rash. Some kind of abrasion. Maybe even a friction burn. Definitely peri-mortem. X-rays reveal several broken ribs and he's got a bruise on his forehead. He could have taken a bad fall.
Maybe.
No physical findings for sexual assault though I did send a kit to DNA. Looks like cause of death was a single gunshot to the head. I'll know more later.
Yes, I do. Depth of bruising gives us a timeline. Apparent thumbprint on her neck came first the, uh, prints on her hands second. Major impression on top. It's some kind of recoil bruise on her palm.
Okay. In fourth grade, I dropped out of karate class because a kid half my size made me cry.
No pedestrian fracture. Almost without exception, when a pedestrian's hit by a car, there's certain expected wounds in his lower extremities most significantly the pedestrian fracture.
Tip of the triangle always points in the direction the car was moving. His tibia's intact.
In fact, there's no bruising to the lower extremities. 
Chest was crushed. Multiple rib fractures and hence the white bucket you and David filled with his intestines. They literally popped out.
Well, he would've died anyway.  He was stabbed. Clean incised wound to the abdomen. Five inches deep.
I can't give you an exact time frame except to say it wasn't immediate ... and before you ask, we don't have an ID, but missing persons called. A woman called and said her son didn't come home last night. She's on her way in.
I'm so sorry.
Mrs. Branson, I'm afraid you'll have to talk with the detectives.
No.
Negative. What are you looking for?
Well, I can't help you with burns but you'll want to check out this guy's right palm.
A bullet. It's lodged in the left ventricle. 
I was contemplating my method of extraction when you arrived.
Not if it's only a jacket fragment.
That would explain the mystery of the shattered femur. It's covered in copper dust. 
I'll remove the heart, peel back the myocardium and get you what's left of that bullet.
Yeah, torn musculature, but no inflammatory response.
Another one for my table.
Cut began at the right carotid. Severed the artery and the jugular vein and terminated at the trachea. It's not as deep as I would expect for this kind of crime.
Well, yeah. Oftentimes, the only thing intact is the spinal column. This did the job and nothing more.
Alcohol count was .20.
There was no limit to Mrs. Dominguez. Blood work showed heavy traces of M.D.M.A.
Yeah, it might have made her docile.
That may explain her head. Now let's move down to the toes.
Yeah. There is a ... a strip club, um, named Shimmer on industrial. I, uh, recognized the 's' almost immediately.
Uh, David's cleaning him up.
Blunt-force trauma didn't kill him. But this might have.
Cause of death: Anaphylactic shock. Outer skin becomes irritated, the eyes inflamed, throat closes ...
No, but you can inject it. 
Puncture wound is consistent with a hypodermic needle.
We've ruled out food allergy as the cause of death. If it was an environmental agent, I expect one of the other jurors had a reaction as well. His body reacted to something. It's why I'm reexamining the exposed areas of his body -- face and the neck.
Look at this.
All right, David. The three most common ways to asphyxiate: Strangulation, suffocation and...
Good.
Scissors.
Hold this please. Thank you, David.
Hmm.
Cause of death.
I found it in the trachea.
Or not. I found these in his stomach.
You don't swallow six of them by accident.
Trace evidence. Definitely doesn't belong in the wound track. Did your guy get shot through a window?
Absence of gunshot residue.
Well, Mr. Klinefeld was shot once in the front and Mrs. Klinefeld once in the back.
Dare I say the couple that slays together, lays together?
Roommates were unable to make a positive ID due to the accelerated decomposition, but dental records confirmed Daniel O'Hannissey. Laceration on the forehead -- macerated, but not significant. Contusion with a small laceration ... here, below the ear. That did some damage. There's an obvious hematoma in the subdural space consistent with a subdural bleed. Herniation of the uncinate process on the same side.
He was steamed. Turns the brain into lime gelatin.
Ruled out drowning. There was no water in the lungs. He was dead before he hit the water. So, you are looking at it -- a blow to the back of the head. Resulted in a subdural hematoma. Sort of like a slow leak in a tire.
Odds are Danny had no idea he was bleeding in his brain. He probably felt fine. Maybe a little woozy. Then out of nowhere, he drops.
12 to 24 hours.
Yeah.
Introductions. Shelly Hoffman, 25. Cause of death -- lacerated ventricle. Noah Nuland, 15. C.O.D.-- Head contusion. The swelling of the brain killed him within minutes. Now, Gary Clodfelter died of shock. His wife, May, exsanguinated. And their son, Cameron - another head contusion.
Jim Nevins, 20. Park employee. Died from a temporal herniation. Impact to the head caused the brain to swell, which, in turn, put pressure on the brain stem.
Right.
The chicken little theory? But here's the hitch. The others died roughly ten hours ago. Mr. Nevins' rigor mortis is fixed. Body temp puts the time of his death approximately sixteen hours before the others -- right around
Fluoroscope showed no bullet or stab wounds, and apart from multiple fractures of her fingers and hands, no other apparent injuries.
Yeah. They must have thought somebody'd find her -- a friend or relative.
Live alone, die alone. In this case, from massive dehydration. Rule of threes: Three minutes without air, three days without water, and three weeks without food. 
Warrick said you found a possible print at the scene. Need to rule hers out?
Well, that'll be easy.
You were right about your dead swimmer. She didn't drown. Cause of death was a culpable fracture of the neck, C1-C2.
Probably. Cerebral contusions beneath the skull fracture. Savage hit.
There were no physical findings for rape. Not a lot to go on here. Gastric lumen contained dark, pasty material, maybe slightly digestive meat, stringy vegetable matter.
Emptying rates vary from person to person, but I estimate that she ate two to four hours before death.
Go ahead, pinch him.
Vitreous urea nitrogen and creatinine were normal. Same for sodium.
Tox was negative.
Organ was normal, under 400 grams. Left ventricle less than 1.5 centimeters.
Well, I would've missed this one if it weren't for you.
Look at the scope.
It's called nuclear streaming. It occurs when an electric current passes through tissue.
Low-power shock. Uh, current crossed the heart. No damage to the muscle, but havoc on the rhythm.
Ventricular fibrillation. 
A precision clock becomes a bag of worms.
All it takes is a little current.
With exhumations, you always hope for a good embalmer, and I think we've got one. Body's well-preserved. Tay-sachs is a genetic disorder. You see the retarded musculature? Classic symptom.
I stand corrected -- great embalmer.
Mark Young. Cause of death is asphyxia due to fresh water drowning. No bruises or other injuries. Except for a ruptured tympanic membrane.
Ante-mortem injury. In water, burst eardrums typically result from rapid decent. Sudden changes in pressure without equalizing.
Hmm.
Just came in. How'd you know?
Sellout.
Yeah, it fixes tissue, but it destroys DNA.
Puncture wound above the orbital plate.
Heavy decomp. It's going to be, uh ... virtually impossible to determine time of death. This neck wasn't severed. It was disarticulated. No skill involved.
Oh-oh. I take that back. 
Hmm.
Hair roots and scalp are relatively clean.
You tell me.
Nope. It's going to be a while.
Her mother's coming from Reno to claim her.
Sharp-force laceration to the frontal scalp with underlying fracture to the frontal calvarium. Cause of death, contusion to the brain and subdural hemorrhaging. Tox screen pegged her alcohol content at .30.
Chronic drinking tends to cause a reduction in platelets. It thins out the blood and retards clotting.
The only other thing I found ... was a swollen ankle.
No mystery here. Ms. Krell was violently stabbed to death. C.O.D. exsanguination.
She was raped. Contusions to the vaginal introitus and an eighth-inch hemorrhagic laceration at the vaginal fourchette. Six o'clock position. The attack was brutal.
If a guy just wants s*x, he can hire a hooker.
Well, there is some good news. Motile sperm in the t mount. I've sent the kit to DNA for analysis.
How could a boy have made someone so mad? C-O-D is blunt-force trauma. I counted fourteen separate blows. Several more were coinciding. Cylindrical weapon, about an inch in diameter.
Yeah. In fact, check this out.
Thread pattern's consistent with the end of a pipe.
Yeah. My guess, he never woke up.
Two dead bodies. Both were in perfect health.
There are two toxins which can turn a body pink postmortem. 
Which leaves one -- cyanide ingestion. Interesting fact about cyanide -- not everyone can smell it.
Unfortunately, I don't have that ability.
Stomach contents of both decedents. Hodges, start your sniffer.
Thank you.
It's already done.
Nothing on or in the body indicates cause of death. Nothing consistent with homicide whatsoever.
So, crop circles and tapeworms, you got quite a case.
I have T.O.D., about midday yesterday. Cause of death less definitive. Cuts and abrasions are superficial. There's no obvious anatomical defect. And at this point, I'm going to have to check the default -- cardiac arrhythmia.
Tox and vitreous lytes are all normal. That's all you're getting from me.
Well, Conrad, can I help you?
I posted three bodies and then I took a time-out.
A personal hour. A few weeks ago, my Siamese had kittens. I went by the house to check on 'em. They're just about weaned. You want one?
I'm just about to post him. Per my prelim, there was an abraded laceration to the right occipital scalp, and a penetration of the epithelium, but not the galea. It's not what killed him, but I'll know the full story once I open him up.
I saw David put him in here.
I'm not sure.
He had no reason to.
This is weird.
It's highly unlikely.
Six-one, brown hair and eyes, about 200 pounds are you sure? 
I've checked every mortuary and funeral home in the city, no luck.
David, are you familiar with the Latin word necrostuprum?
We didn't mislabel or misplace the body. Someone took it.
Absolutely, which means somebody wanted this particular body.
Someone went to a lot of trouble to steal James Billmeyer ... maybe there's a clue in his personal effects.
If I were, I would have printed the cooler.
Law enforcement personnel,  CSIs, paramedics, funeral home personnel, maintenance workers, hospital workers, janitors ... people that get lost in the building ...
Two pairs of socks, two pairs of underwear, two T-shirts.
Your powers of deduction are remarkable, detective.
'Jacinda Hendler, call me.' Written on an airline napkin.
You think?
Conrad. We found our body.
Yeah, Conrad, I'll get right on it.
Right.
Your decedent smells like a pine tree.
Yeah, he died of a heavy heart. Heart weighed 50 grams instead of
Oh, I know he was. I sent blood to tox ; he was taking atenolol. A heart that size, he was a walking time bomb.
Yup, our guy chugged a beer, after he died. Lungs were full of foam.
Wouldn't be my postmortem beverage of choice, but to each his own. So did you get any prints off that cooler drawer?
Well, there are a lot of intestines here, but no appendix, which made sense when I saw this. A cecum.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. Catherine ... has Nick's family been informed?
It's a damn shame they didn't get to him sooner.
You know, David, I've seen fire ant bites in my time, but never anything like this.
Do I think he suffered? Yes. Definitely.
All right. On three.
Dos ...
Would you care to do the 'y' incision?
Mind your hands and feet.
Yes.
He won't be needing this anymore.
Nice.
Lung. 
No, no, he didn't live long enough for that. COD was asphyxiation.
When the blood oxygen drops to less than 16% and the CO2 builds up, there's a rapid loss of consciousness. Death within minutes with no disfiguring physical findings.
Oh, yes.
Good.
Your son had a good heart.
Young Alicia donated bone marrow at least twice. Pretty selfless thing to do once, considering how painful the procedure is.
Sounds like acute leukemia, but without immunophenotyping, I couldn't tell you what kind.
Cardiopulmonary arrest.
That's a little trickier. No solids in the stomach contents, just a milky liquid. Liver mortis was fixed and deep purple with a vitreous humor potassium level of 20 millimoles per liter with faint putrefaction. So, I'd say she's been dead about... 44 hours between midnight and 8:00 A.M., the day of her kidnapping.
Yep. Story's got more holes than her sister's bones.
Kids don't belong in the coroner's office unless they're in a drawer. You should've found a different way to deal with your daughter's rebellion.
Ever notice how childhood keeps getting shorter and shorter? Whose fault is that?
Petecchial hemorrhaging. Could be from vomiting or asphyxiation.
Well, based on the lack of rigor, TOD's three or four hours ago; tell you more after we clean him up and open him up.
No apparent gunshot wounds on the vic.
This man's organs were displaced. It's similar to the way a pregnant woman's internal organs get rearranged to compensate for her expanding uterus.
I don't know. But either way, it must have been agonizing.
There's a bullet hole ... COD, shot to the head with this.
That's a cannon.
There's evidence of sexual activity in every orifice, including his ears.
No. We've got pubic hairs, vaginal secretions.
Would you care to move on to stomach contents?
Well, the main course was enough alcohol and cake to cater a wedding.
Alone, maybe none of it would've been fatal, but taken all together ... 
Among other things.
No mystery here. Penetrating gunshot wound to the right temple killed our virgin Mary. I sent the bullet to ballistics.
Hymen's intact, which means she's never had intercourse. But she gave birth ... caesarean scar. 
Well, the most obvious explanation would be frottage.
In s*x ed, Nick, they teach that rubbing body parts is safe. But since the hymen's not a barrier to semen, there's still a risk of pregnancy, not to mention STDs.
It's all about gravity.
The only one I hear complaining about it is you.
Your cement lady's approximately 40 to 45 years old. COD is exsanguination due to laceration of the right ventricle. Wound seven centimeters long, five millimeters wide.
Well, it passed into the heart-- 
with a, uh, point of entry midline just below the xiphoid process.
I just said that.
If I knew, I would've told you. I got to get to work. Taxpayers are getting their money's worth tonight.
Very good observation, David. Shave the area. Call Sara. We may be looking at a homicide.
COD was blunt force trauma to the right temporal region.
Wound's inconsistent with a fall.  You fall into something, say a coffee table, wound's always deeper on one end.
Depth here is uniform.  I'm sorry. Tox confirms high level of heroin, cocaine, methamphetamine in her system. I opened up her arm under a fresh needle mark, drew out one milliliter of dark liquid. 
The drugs were puddled. Means they didn't circulate in her bloodstream. Injection was postmortem.
Right.
I'm in the middle of an autopsy, Catherine.
That's fine. Just photograph and diagram it before transporting.
Kentworth. You have that number?
Hey, Nick.
I haven't seen them.
Uh, it hasn't come in yet. It was a mortuary pickup. 
It's Monique Carter. Heroin addict, got whacked on the head.
If she was, nobody told me.
I'll get right on it.
Yeah, Gil, uh, got a good idea on COD for your asphyxiated officer.
Internal organ color nailed it on both the autopsy and necropsy as ...
You know, nobody likes when you do that. So, how did CO get into the room?
I pulled these fibers out of her nasal passages.
COD was asphyxiation. Now ... what is wrong with this brain?
Bingo ... or keno or whatever you prefer. Pronounced lack of pigmentation near the midbrain, along with ... clearly diminished substantia nigra. She had Parkinson's.
Her disease was advanced. She was on some pretty heavy meds.
No, but those kinds of medications can cause abnormal thinking and behavior. Takes somebody with a very strong will to keep it hidden.
Did you hit her over the head? Because COD is epidural hemorrhage caused by a blow to the top of the skull.
The blood clot pushed against the brain, which compressed the respiratory centers.
Her brain stopped telling her body to breathe, and she died.
I extracted about 150 cc's of partially clotted blood. Would have taken at least a day to form, maybe longer.
Well, that's not the only secret she was keeping. She swallowed something rather unusual, --
-- and she had crabs.
All six victims had ligature marks on their ankles and wrists. Jenn Smith was the only one with rib fractures. She took some abuse. Except for Becca Mayford, COD was exsanguination through incised wounds to the neck with a sharp-edged instrument.
Well, in her case, there was only a partial transection of the jugular. Shallower cut, slower bleed.
She must've applied pressure to her wound. That would've bought her some time.
Sara, there's nothing you could've done.
Well, she has a C-section uterine scar. Hairline, almost invisible.
Well, she gave birth some time ago.
Not with Cammie. I found semen in the vaginas of Emily Wilson and Lauren Walderson. Both had mild reddening and some superficial abrasion at the vaginal introitus. They could have had consensual s*x in the hours prior to the attack. This young lady was raped.
Rebecca Mayford had lacerations at three o'clock. Contusions extended from four to eight and ten to twelve.
No. But, uh, look at these puncture wounds. Stab wounds have a large cutting component to the margins. Several of these stabs have additional tracks through the organ, suggesting a partial withdrawal and re-thrust of the blade.
Not quite. He left something behind.
No, canine-induced insomnia. We're fostering some puppies-- Jack Russells. Had me up all night. How about a puppy to keep you company?
Okay, uh, blunt force trauma to the left temporal region of the skull. The skull's fractured.
No, but I found these imbedded in the skull.
Well, it's possible. But if she was standing when she was hit, I'd expect to find pedestrian fractures on her legs. And there are no run-over marks, so she wasn't in a prone position.
She was somewhere in-between.
COD's a single gunshot wound to the lower lumbar region. Bullet entered here and then traveled slightly upward.
Well, that's the fun part. He didn't die from the initial wound. It entered through his back and then penetrated the inferior vena cava.
It traveled through that vessel into his right lung. It's called a bullet embolus. 
And it's hard to find. Most medical examiners would have missed it.
The gun that won the West. That bullet is from a 20th Century, high-capacity, semi-automatic pistol. I ... see a lot of bullets.
There was some scarring on her pelvic bones, but given the condition of the body, it's hard to say for sure.
You have another theory?
Right.
You think I overlooked something? You know, I asked for an expanded tox panel. It came back clean as a whistle.
Maybe not.
No. But I can find out.
The nuclear streaming indicates that Trevor Dell was subjected to a significant electrical current. 
The shock must have sent him into convulsions, resulting in several impact injuries.
If I could tell you that, you'd be out of a job.
Yeah, she drowned, all right. Slight petechial hemorrhaging in both eyes.
When was the last time you took a nap in Grissom's tub? Take a look.
And she ... 
Impressive that it remained intact.
So take a look at this. 
The multiple embedded small rocks present in the neck area. 
Also in the parietal and occipital scalp, suggest she landed head first. Extremity fractures, rib fractures, spine fracture -- all consistent with a fall. Multiple abrasions on the arms and legs. So I am guessing most were sustained before hitting the ground.
Yeah. Which could explain these abrasions.
Severe lacerations on the backs of both hands and a broken right middle finger.
Hey, Nick.
David's on a pickup, and he's got another two lined up after that. He's going for some sort of record.
What was going through his mind just before he crashed into the police cruiser? 'I want to die today and take somebody with me'?
Nothing.
Got a wallet.
Mr. Russell Caris.
He has dried blood on his hands and on the steering wheel but no bleeding wounds that could have contributed to it.
Here you go.
Why wouldn't he have thrown that knife away?
This is natural selection. The dumb ones die.
Sergeant Jack Day was in top condition except for the single stab wound to his chest. Knife entered the fourth intercostal space, transected the fourth intercostal muscle, and the left internal mammary artery. COD's exsanguination.
Interesting case. He has intense erythema of the tracheal mucosa extending down into the main stem bronchi.
No. You get it from inhalation of some caustic poison or drug. I sent samples to Tox.
Well, the impact of the accident caused the first cervical vertebrae to tear away from his skull, lacerating the brain stem.
Exactly.
It was a jagged, sharp force injury to the base of the neck on the right side. Wound extends down and left laterally from the right shoulder to the left hip. Wound becomes shallow and then separates into individual incisions.
Directionality of the individual wounds is from bottom to top.
Mm-hmm.
Leaving downward wounds instead of the upward wounds you see here.
Vasco Ruiz was someone's punching bag. He suffered multiple abrasions, lacerations, contusions. I found no particular patterns, sharp edges or tool marks from any weapons.
He had too many bruises to count, one on top of another. And under the skin, things get even worse.
Long bone fractures of the fingers, radius, ulna, humerus.
Rib fractures, flail chest. Fractures of the vault and base of skull. Almost every bone in his face.
Somewhere along the way, he took a shot to the head that resulted in a subdural hematoma. COD is multiple blunt force trauma.
Not even Mike Tyson.
Multiple lacerations on face, neck shoulders. If it weren't for the couple dozen glass fragments I tweezed out, I'd say somebody went to town on her with a straight razor. COD is exsanguinations due to sharp force injury to the jugular-carotid complex, but she was already on her way out.
Cannonballs of tumors on her lungs.
Or else she wanted to die with a cigarette in her mouth.
I guarantee you, this lady was in pain. She must have been taking something for it.
Well, there's a big market for that stuff now. I'll get her medical records.
There was a large laceration where Demetrius James' head hit the ground when he fell. Underlying that wound was a fracture of the occipital bone, which crosses at the base of the skull. The motion of the impact caused the brain to collide with the bony protrusions inside the skull, resulting in what we call contra-coup contusions. There was also prominent cerebral edema -- or swelling -- as well as hemorrhages of the brain stem.
Blunt force trauma to the head following a motor vehicle collision.
Yes.
A homicide.
Hey.
Really? Who'd you hear that from?
They're classics.
So ... uh ... people were talking about me?
I know her.
She and Felix were very philanthropic. I admired both of them.
No. He left first.
Sometime between 'Louie Louie' and 'You Really Got Me.' 
Well, it was just before the end of our third set. We broke at 10:00. Just before that.
For a little while.
I didn't see her after that. Guess it was around 10:30.
Definitely perimortem. Right around time of death.
No.
I'm just not used to seeing them alive.
Catherine.
PBR Sports Medicine just sent this over. Taken after Cody's fall in competition.
Hmm. He was held together by every kind of hardware but roofing nails. I can relate.
You sound like a fan.
Hey.
Thank you.
Catherine, take a look at this.
This x-ray shows he walked away from his earlier fall with a hairline fracture of the C1 vertebra.
In bull riding, the rider's spine must sustain vertical, horizontal and diagonal thrust, together if they put tremendous force onto the spinal column.
It did.
The film David just took shows a complete fracture. That's your COD. Consistent with getting thrown a second time.
Rib fractures, multiple lacerations, pulmonary contusions, lacerated aorta, lacerated liver. I could go on, but you get the idea.
Right, but not all of it was from the hit-and-run.
You see the coloration of the bruises?
They're from an event at least 12 hours before the accident.
No.
No.
Please, David.
Those are not classics.
The Exorcist. The Shining. Rosemary's Baby. Those are classics.
Interesting.
When I removed the axe, -- 
I noticed that the dermis along the margin of the wound showed no vital response, except in a small area on both sides of the center of the track.
The cause of death was perforation of the liver, spleen, and pancreas.
But the injuries are inconsistent with the position of the axe wound.
Exactly. The perforation was caused by a sharp, hollow, cylindrical object entering through the lower back, and then passing upwards into the organs.
Perhaps.
That is impressive. As the woman's throat is being slashed, you can actually see the entire transverse view of the trachea.
I believe I can see the epiglottis.
COD is multiple blunt-force trauma. Based on the development of the contusions, it appears the blow to the back of the skull was the first impact, but the ones on the face came about half-hour later.
Yeah.
Yeah. I ... uh ... did a wet mount, found semen in the vaginal vault, and I collected an SAE kit.
This guy is some piece of work.
Yeah, he's in there. You might want to give him a minute, though. He's ... uh ... saying good-bye. Do you have any kids?
Yeah. You want to do the autopsy, too? Just let me know.
Why take the murder weapon from one scene, walk around with it for more than a day, use it to kill again, but this time leave it behind?
Double murder ATM.
I heard the husband died at the hospital. But the killer was definitely here awhile. According to liver temp, she died a couple hours before the husband.
It looks that way.
Hey.
Well, possibly a tooth fragment. High fall?
Was she raped?
Oh, no condom. Good for us.
Is Lindsey looking already?
Well, at least she'd be close to home.
I dug it out of the right frontal cortex. The bullet lacerated the right occipital lobe. It crossed the mid-line, destroying the vital structures of the brain and bounced off the left frontal calvarium.
What, disappointed?
So shoot me.  Stellate tear means close contact. See the muzzle impression around the entrance wound?
Yeah, I measured the trajectory. Ten to 15 degrees left of vertical.
Which would make him a giant, except for this.
Abrasions on her knees.
Begging for her life.
Yeah. Traffic pile-up on I-15. 
Mm.
C.O.D.'S a one shot to the back of the head. Absence of gun powder and stippling suggests a non-contact wound. I dug this out.
You know, I got something you might find interesting. I emptied the stomach and she hadn't eaten for hours. 
A small amount of white zinfandel -- less than a glass, vintage undetermined, and a tiny scrap of meat. Take a look.
Surface tissue of a human tongue. Those are the taste buds.
This woman did not go gently into that good night.
A brand is a kind of contract.
In that case, it signifies ownership. To a Maori tribesman, or a marine, it signifies belonging.  Did you get a liver temp?
Yeah. One eye is much more desiccated than the other.
Take samples from both.
The eye is sequestered space. Changes that happen in the blood after death happen more slowly in the vitreous. Could give us more accurate levels.
The optic nerve's been severed.
An eye transplant's just the cornea; it's not the whole eye. David, check the other eye.
Well, clip it. Nick, send both eyes to DNA.
Pull up a chair. It's been a long, strange trip for this poor girl. I found puncture wounds around her glandular areas, from large-gauge needles commonly used to draw out fluids.
I'm not sure. I found it in her teeth. Could be from her last meal. Also, another surprise: She had a D &amp; C.
Well, maybe polyps, hyperplasia.
And how. Starvation shrinks a lot of things, but not your organs.
Which explains why I couldn't find the liver. There's not much left.
Necrotizing faciitis. I've never seen anything like this.
Typically streptococcus enters through an open wound and starts eating through the skin, then uses the blood stream as a conduit to reach the internal organs.
In her case, the bacteria started in her blood stream. Means her skin is fine.
We're trying to find out.
Go ahead.
No, she was found like this.
There was some scarring on her pelvic bones, but given the condition of the body, it's hard to say for sure.
I'm not gonna be able to determine COD until he's completely defrosted, and that could take a while.
To the core? Two solid days. His heart's completely frozen. Before the Y, I found bruises and puncture wounds all over his body.
Yep. Same as Zoe. So is this.
